Brilliantly designed, beautifully connected.

We are brand devotees. For us, brands continue to have enormous power to simplify choice, organise effort, create value, galvanize and inspire. Successful modern brands depend on a powerful and connected experience. People are increasingly demanding. They expect brands to live up to their image. They expect great service. They expect their data to be used responsibly. They expect brands to look to their future and ours. And they’re quick to move on from those that don’t deliver. The experience of the brand is the brand. That’s why we aim to build a brand experience that is brilliantly designed and beautifully connected, from the most massive of launches to the tiniest of online interactions. One that’s based on firm foundations and feels consistent but not cookie-cutter. All of which only becomes possible when we work in close and sustained relationships with our clients. We are a factory of ideas for iconic brands. And those wishing to become one. Here are a few of them.Creating a noble image of contemorary Iran is our primary goal.


Designvand is a branding studio with a focus on designing visual identity for brands.
We believe that brand identity is extracted from brand strategies.
We believe that design is about "problem solving" rather than implying the taste or preferences of an individual.
We believe that minimalism does not only have a logical function but is also a means of communication in today's world.We’re a global strategic design firm. We design product-service experiences, making business transformation happen. * We’re thinkers. Doers. Makers. Every project is a chance to change the world, dream, mock-it-up and do great work. Together. * We transform industry and society, with design.The ABOUT US issue is an issue, no doubt. Try to imagine how many millions of buttons were clicked and double-clicked over the last 25 years — in millions of websites — only to find some generic description of a company and its members, trying as best they can to present themselves as the right people for you.

If reduced to the basics, we can surely say that our firm was founded by two: Didi Remez and Lahav Halevy. Over the years, we both left an imprint in various areas: strategic consulting, campaigning, branding, copywriting and graphic design. A few years back, we decided to join forces.

Our colleagues are five wonderful designers: Netta Ayalon, Eden Yarkoni, Ilya Yasinov, Tali Liberman and Maya Zakin. Eden is on birth leave right now, but she’ll be back.

Together we spend our days working in a wide spectrum of fields, from strategic consulting to the last Facebook post. In THE WORK section, you can see examples of our work. Hopefully enough to understand our skills and expertise, even though most of the texts are in Hebrew (apologies for that). If the images don’t speak for themselves in any language, we’re in trouble.

Enjoy your time here. If you have anything to say, ask or remark, that’s what we’re here for.

Thanks for dropping by.Studio Blend-It was founded in 2006 by Assaf Cohen and Ernesto Bijovsky.  We both graduated leading design schools, and we each hold more than 18 years of expertise.  The foundation to every project is creative, clever, meticulous and precise work. That is what challenges and inspires us.  We both believe in excellence and know that without drilling down, understanding every little detail of the work process, our language has no justification.

We welcome you to meet with us in person and learn more about what we do.We’re the head of the foxes and for the lions we don’t care at all.

Shual (fox in Hebrew): Guy Saggee and Mushon Zer-Aviv, is a foxy design studio which is also the in-house design studio of the Israeli Center for Digital Art.

We create projects ranging from web and interface design, print and graphic design, illustration and animation.

In this site you’ll see our chosen projects, both for client and independent works. Take a look at our old portfolio. created in 2003 and presents some additional works not shown in the present site

We’re looking forward to fixing you with a tail of your own.We are the simplicity company

Siegel+Gale is a global brand strategy, design and experience firm. Using facts, intuition and creativity, we blend science with art, unlocking the power of simplicity to help organizations realize their full potential.CLRS&Co. is a conceptual design studio that positions diverse work spaces around the same table, forming a platform for attentive translation of the obscure into a precise, handmade geometry.

We advance copywriting, art direction, interior design, illustration, typography, motion design and photography, specialising in corporate identity and visual communication.We’re all just people.
We’re more than creatives, coders and strategic thinkers, we’re consumers. * There’s no such thing as a good idea nobody got.

We had a good idea: To build an agency that could change the relationship people had with technology. And as technology evolved, so did we – to become an agency that looks for the human in everything we do; with our clients, the people we work with, and the brands that let us share their stories. Because no matter how things change, it’s the connections we make with people that last.
The heart buys, the brain rationalises it.

We know that no matter the device, the screen or the interface, if you can intersect a person’s behaviour, speak to them in their language, and make them really feel something, you form a relationship with them.
Don’t start a relationship on a Monday.HOICK is a creative agency based in Cape Town, South Africa, centred around the partnership between Dale Lawrence, Franco Fernandes and Claire Johnson. Hoick specialises in creative direction, branding and graphic design; working in print, digital, and spatial design.
The collective academic background of the studio consists of graphic design, communication and fine art. There is a strong focus on experimentation in the development phase of any project, with the belief that one needs to make mistakes in order to progress. Hoick has a preoccupation with unfamiliar materials and processes. Collaborating with contemporaries in different fields is a key goal of the studio. Hoick produced a collection of papier-maché sculpture, with accompanying painting, digital and collage work for a solo exhibition in May 2015, entitled ‘On Second Thought’.At Interbrand, we believe that growth is achieved when an organization has a clear strategy and delivers exceptional customer experiences. We do both, through a combination of strategy, creativity, and technology that helps drive growth for our clients’ brands and businesses. With a network of 24 offices in 17 countries, Interbrand is a global brand agency, and publisher of the highly influential annual Best Global Brands and Breakthrough Brands reports, and Webby Award-winning brandchannel. Interbrand is part of the Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE:OMC) network of agencies. For more information, please contact us, or follow Interbrand on LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.MUTI is a creative studio founded in 2011, based in the city of Cape Town, South Africa.
We're a dedicated team of illustrators and designers who are passionate about producing original and inspiring artwork, from lettering to icons, digital painting to animation.We partner with ambitious leaders to design radically better businesses.
We pit creativity against the big challenges in radically different and radically better ways. Our global teams of designers, strategists, technologists, programme managers and educators deliver deep, meaningful change across and beyond our clients’ organisations.

We partner long-term and work at pace to create better brands and better businesses. * We were founded in 1965 to help organisations shake off their corporate camouflage and take their place in the world.
By remaining firmly on the side of the individual, Wolff Olins made corporate identity design truly democratic. We provided creativity that was better for organisations because it was better for people.

Even in an era known for its experimentation, Wolff Olins was radical – creating striking, groundbreaking and commercially successful work from the outset. * The world has changed dramatically, but our trust in the power of the individual remains. Today, technology amplifies that power. * We are a global community of thinkers and makers.Creating agile brands * 
We design for the future—in ways that make sense right now. We’re strategic experts and creative explorers committed to solving complex challenges. With smart tools and global resources, we examine the implications of every brand choice, create new experiences, and open doors to opportunity.gyro is a global ideas shop, an agency with an unconventional DNA. We are 600 minds in 14 offices acting as one.

We are the 2016 Advertising Age B-to-B Agency of the Year.

Let’s ignite something …Moloobhoy & Brown is an award-winning independent design and brand communication studio based in Dubai, UAE. We strive to deliver creative thinking that differentiates our client’s brands across all key touch points. It’s what gets us out of bed in the morning.

We love everything from brand identity to advertising, packaging and editorial design. As you’ll see from our Projects, we specialize in the arts, fashion and hospitality industries but that doesn’t mean we aren’t up for other inspirational projects.

We believe in partnerships and building great relationships with our clients through early collaboration. Helping define brands to deliver quality thinking and design that solves real business problems.

This process is lead by the people who started the company in the first place - Hussain Moloobhoy and Elliott Brown, ensuring that at every step we build memorable brands and even stronger relationships.Founded in 2006, Fikra — an Arabic word meaning idea or concept, or more accurately translated as the idea after the processes of cerebration — is a multi-disciplinary design studio that specializes in providing bilingual — Arabic and English — design solutions in print and new media. 

As a natural response to the influx of foreign cultures and economic globalization, the United Arab Emirates specifically, and the Arab world in general is undergoing a dramatic change that is both cultural and visual. Fikra’s work addresses both aspects of the change through the lens of design. 

Using design as the primary language, we define narratives and communicate experiences that are honest to our Arabic culture and Islamic values. 

Our studio has worked with a wide range of local and international clients including startups, multinational organizations, and government institutions. Fikra works in print and new media, which includes: branding and identity creation, book design, data-visualizations, environmental graphics, type design, web and app design. 

Our team consists of designers and developers based in the United Arab Emirates and New York. 

Afkar Fikra is the educational element of the studio. Afkar is the plural form of Fikra, and Afkar Fikra literally translates into “the ideas of Fikra”, or “the ideas of the idea”. Afkar Fikra was created as a platform that allows for the production and initiation of independent projects to research, investigate, and explore current regional topics through design.JOYN:VISCOM is a creative agency based in Beijing, China. Founded in 2005,  the studio has ten years of experience working across disciplines in photo and video, art, music, architecture, fashion and beyond. In its attempt to facilitate the collision of cultures, innovation, projects, and shifts in time, a multi-disciplinary platform and the delivery of a new system of brand communication emerges.

JV Lab produces a wide range of independent projects, including exhibitions, lectures, publications, and events. All efforts are devoted to exploring the relationship between art, design, and technology in everyday life to influence contemporary visual culture and communications.

JV Space is committed to exploring the relationship of space between fashion, art, life and people. Adhering to the unique narrative of the space, artistic thinking, materials and the potential of working technology for an exclusive design that establishes a channel for a dynamic space, solutions are met through the study of behavior, orientation, and emotional triggers.We’re a creative agency, founded by Richard Christiansen. We pursue brilliance. We create new companies — and fix old ones. Challenger brands get us excited. We use culture to create progress in the world. We shine a light on the innovators, creators, and explorers who push their industries forward.

If you’re smart and fearless
— we’re ready to collaborate.A Black Cover Design is a small creative studio specializing in graphic design. ABCD is based in Beijing, China, founded in 2015.  ABCD deliver Branding, Visual Identity, Product Package, User Interface, Printed Matter design and design-driven strategy service to clients and target audience. The previous work has demonstrated their design philosophy that is exceptional, systematic and pertinent communication methodology, and also won client’s recognition and numerous international and domestic awards.Our creative centre is in London; our business is based in Zürich. We are a 60-strong team of strategists, editors, copywriters, art directors, designers, art buyers and account managers who come from all parts of the world to contribute to our work. Our clients outside Europe are supported by account managers in our bureaux in Toronto, New York, Tokyo, Hong Kong and Singapore. * Based on years of experience working with premium brands across various sectors and geographies, Winkreative's approach to strategy employs our uniquely informed global perspective to define, position and communicate clearly our clients’ businesses and their ambitions. * Our clients approach us for our modern, considered aesthetic, applied to brand identities, packaging, environments, advertising or publishing, uniforms, aircraft liveries or architecture. We aim to make brands covetable through elegant ideas based on a firm understanding of our clients’ business objectives. * Editorial work is at the heart of our business, from custom print publishing to digital, film and mobile. Our multilingual team of editors, writers and art directors, with a global network of photographers and correspondents, creates original communications across platforms, formats and sectors, inspiring audiences and elevating brands.Milkxhake is an independent graphic design studio located in Hong Kong since 2006. Founded by Chinese graphic designer Javin Mo, Milkxhake advocates the power of visual communication from visual branding, identity, print and website. 

By bringing up creative ideas and unique visual languages, Milkxhake focuses on the creative process while delivering our messages to our collaborators as well as public community. Starting from a very small-scale practice in the past few years, Milkxhake has been successfully pushed up the community attention and attracted a number of leading local and international clients particularly from arts, cultural and institutional sectors. 

Highly acclaimed for quality with unique design approach, the studio has won numerous international design awards and their works have been widely published in design magazines and journals internationally.Design style, like language, varies from the difference of cultural background and geographic region. Through the ambition of redefining Hong Kong visual culture, designer Adonian Chan and Chris Tsui Sau Yi established Trilingua design in 2010.

Trilingua emphasize on every project’s intrinsic essence, and through these understanding we choose the most suitable design language and medium to
deliver the essence of message. Trilingua provides multi-disciplinary design services, including branding, visual identity, environmental graphic, publication design and multimedia design. Clients range from commercial to cultural / art groups.We solve business problems in entertaining ways. * Since 2007, TSLA has been delivering change that has positively impacted businesses, creativity and culture in Asia. The agency was born and founded in Singapore, and now operates confidently across Asia through a series of custom-made networks, managed from its offices in Singapore, Hong Kong & Shanghai. We do our best work with clients who are urgently seeking to reconcile the differences between good and great even if that means venturing beyond the comfort zones of logic, research and reason.gardens & co., founded in 2006, is a design studio specialising in storytelling through design.

With our specialties in brand identity & communication design as well as web design, gardens & co. works on touching people’s hearts with clients’ brand stories. That’s why we collaborate with every one of our clients to ensure that our works for them are not only appropriately tasteful, they are also a genuine representation of their brands.

We are a small team of diversified talents and expertise, yet we share the same belief and value - design should be a creation of solution - solution to a better society, healthier planet and happier people.We build brands, drive innovation and shape culture * Lippincott is a global creative consultancy. We bring to our clients’ toughest challenges the acumen, rigor and preparedness of a premier business consulting firm – and the spirit, courage and imagination of a world-class innovation and design firm.hehehe is an independent multimedia creative agency founded by three opposite personalities with a similar vision.
Each of the three founders represents a "he" in the company's soul.
With an aim to bring the most cutting-edge and entertaining to the scene, we are not afraid to explore the taboos and limitations set by traditional standards.
Through innovative production and contemporary approach, we look to inspire the strong independent minds of the young generation.
With our love of independent music, fashion, and art, our creations look to capture the spirit of contemporary culture and lifestyle with an approach which is undoubtedly viral to the mass.IDEO is a global design company. We create positive impact through design. * IDEO is known as a pioneer of human-centered design—putting people at the center of our work. This approach has come to be known as design thinking. As our methods continue to evolve in response to new challenges, we’re launching innovation labs, creating pop-up incubators, live-prototyping new businesses, and designing in code. See how we’re building to learn, and learning as we build.INNOVATION & EXPERIENCE DESIGN *

AKQA’s influential work is recognised worldwide for its pioneering approach, continuing to define and lead the industry. *

We ideate, design and deliver iconic experiences, services and products that improve people’s lives. Our multidisciplinary team has been involved in some of the most groundbreaking projects across multiple industries. We collaborate with sophisticated clients to deliver a cohesive blueprint across customer connection points that will satisfy audience needs and surpass business goals.Welcome to Wieden+Kennedy. We are an independent, creatively driven advertising agency that creates strong and provocative relationships between good companies and their customers. We believe that it doesn't matter where, how or in what medium an idea is expressed, you still have to start with a good one.

Our independence is reflected through the work and culture of each of our offices. You'll find examples of this on our site through the creative, headlines aggregated from each of our blogs and our radio and entertainment group WKE. And most importantly, you'll find our people—not just their names and titles, but what they do, what they're into and how they've contributed to making this agency great. We hope you comment on the work, learn about our people and visit often.Stink is a global network that is proud to work with clients across advertising, entertainment, music and the arts. We collaborate to create film, interactive and original content. We focus on quality and smart production whilst striving to create an inspiring home for talent.BORN is an award-winning global digital agency with a core focus on creative, content and commerce. From large scale image production to bespoke content experiences through innovative ecommerce solutions. Our evolution over 25 years represents our passion for delivering fully integrated creative work to our global clients.

Create, tell, sell. Across anywhere in the world

We have a unique approach to our work, founded on planning and insight development. We take time out to understand the brand, the business objectives and, most importantly, the customer before making recommendations for how we will execute on our strategy.

With a resolute commitment to delivering the very best work for our clients, we will continue to build on our position as market leaders in ecommerce, creative and content solutions.Cartoon Mango is a multidisciplinary design and development studio. An early stage startup in the creative field that’s excited about all things digital. It started in December 2014 with the objective to help enterprises communicate and connect with end-users through delightfully crafted experiences. We help brands grow their business by working closely in all phases of the project. We understand their needs and utilize the appropriate methodology and technology to deliver the best solutions through design, development and activation strategy.Now more than ever, genuine, connected, and consistent wins. Great brands, like all meaningful endeavors or important causes, are led by people who believe. They gather and find power in belonging to something larger than themselves, find solace in a shared experience.
 
Rapt Studio has been created in direct response to this philosophy. We are a group of believers – crazy talented, intensely focused, and curious to a fault. We are architects, designers of all sorts, strategists, and dreamers. We come together to create the genuine, connected and consistent experience necessary for a brand to thrive in 2016 and beyond.Creativity is a powerful force found all around, starting from how we walk, talk, drive, sip our coffee, even our morning habits. The question is how do we harness it to our benefit?

We take a different approach to make creativity work for you and your company. Since 2009, we have been having fun while doing it.

We refuse to be called a company because we are a workgroup, a bunch of creative minds and souls of varying backgrounds fused together to create the right perception and image for you.

This approach allows us to think outside the box (or circle, triangle, heptagon, whatever…), hence, our outputs are bold, different, and fun. Everyone likes fun, right?

Our benchmark of a design done well is not only measured by how accurately we stick to your brief and how happy you are with it. But more importantly, how proud we are of the work we've done for you.Sciencewerk® is a micro design studio based in Indonesia. We design identities, graphics, illustrations, websites, objects, and everything in between. Our design approach is to form a collective environment through collaboration with creative individuals from various discipline exploring possibility combining design, technology, and art.“artless” is an independently owned global branding agency, based in Tokyo and Kyoto, Japan. Founded by Shun Kawakami in 2001. We are focusing on the art & design based advertising and branding projects, and we are operating in the global marketplace.

Our activities are in the visual communication and the language of design; Branding & design consulting, logo & identity, graphic, web, user interface, video, motion graphics, product, installation, interior, sign design and architecture.

We form a creative team in accordance with each new project. Our collective brings a new perspective to all projects from our global network. The team includes creative directors, art directors, graphic designers, interactive designers, architects, interior designers, product designers, photographers, fashion stylists, hair and make up artists, musicians, composers, painters, calligraphers, flower designers, chef and food directors.

We don’t differentiate between art, design, architecture, digital and other forms of communication. A diverse challenge extends across different disciplines, providing us with an experience that broadens our point of view.

We are based in Tokyo and Kyoto, but always operate globally.We create genuine brands that excite heart and mind. * We create genuine hero brands. Inspiring and honest brands with courage and determination. Brands that have lasting value and contribute to a better world. * Kontrapunkt is the leading Scandinavian design agency. Design is the magic we use to translate human needs and winning ideas into meaningful brand experiences that move, inspire and add to the greater good.

We believe in the value of being genuine and always seek the true essence of a brand. We admire those, who have the courage to stand up for who they really are. In a world that is becoming more and more transparent, you need inspiring and honest brands, you feel like spending time with. Brands that foster lasting trust and loyalty.To serve our clients the best way possible, we work globally, have the brightest talents and engage a strong ecosystem of specialised partners. Today we are more than 50 specialists working out of our offices in Denmark and Japan.COMMUNE is a creative collective based in Sapporo, Tokyo, and Stockholm. Alongside utilizing design for branding and production, we manage the 'encounter-themed' creative salon MEET, and organize a variety of projects such as events and exhibitions. In 2014, we organized a book exchange project called the 'BLIND BOOK MARKET', which was held at the Sapporo International Art Festival. We are currently in the process of expanding our activities and building our capabilities through the sharing of ideas and technology; such as planning and holding an OFF-GRID CAFE 'PHYSICAL' at MEET, where we create and manage energy by ourselves.Established in June 2006. 
In addition to designing paper media such as logos and signs such as signs and typography, posters, leaflets, catalogs and books, we also design packages and web designs, exhibitions and events.Designing experiences for a weird and wonderful world by mixing storytelling and technology * With offices in Tokyo and New York, PARTY solves issues and caters to client needs unique to Japan as well as worldwide. Combining timeless storytelling with the newest technologies such as big data, VR, and IoT, we design experiences of the future.Exposure is a communications agency connecting the dots between brands, culture, and consumers. We produce work that links strategic creativity, engaging content and multi-channel communications. With offices in New York, London and Tokyo we are a global network building brands with cultural resonance.BE THE ONES
DO THE THINGS

Creativity is your last legal means to gain an unfair advantage.no-descriptioniA creates digital products. We offer strategic design and consulting services through our UX studios in Zurich, Tokyo and Berlin.White is an art and design collective based in Tokyo, founded in 2013. White undertakes projects by forming a team around an art director and working with various talented collaborators who best suit to each project.We are The Simple Society. We are an international multi-disciplinary design office.Studio fnt is a Seoul based graphic design studio that works on prints, identities, interactive/digital media and more. It collects fragmented and straying thoughts, and then organises and transforms them into relevant forms.minimalist is an award winning design studio based in the heart of Gangnam, Seoul, Korea. We believe good designs can be achieved not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. Design has to work both functionally and aesthetically, and we are eager to see our work last decades regardless of the underlying trend. 
Let's work together. We can make it happen.no-descriptionThe artist collective known as Jin Dallae & Park Woohyuk is the force behind the virtual/real platform, project 'Archiv Annyeong', which adopts a range of different attitudes to record questions about the order, rules, norms, practices, and patterns behind objects and phenomena. Past exhibitions include the solo events The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (2015) and Signal (2014) and the group events APMAP (2015) and Color Study (2015).WE, THE ORDINARY PEOPLE, 
AIM FOR MORE EFFECTIVE AND ACCURATE COMMUNICATION BY DOING VARIOUS AND ACTIVE EXPERIMENTS.We are Sulki Choi and Min Choi, graphic designers living and working in Seoul, Korea. Sulki studied communication design at Chungang University, Korea, and Min at Seoul National University, Korea. Both earned their MFA degrees in graphic design at Yale University, New Haven, US. We worked as researchers in design at the Jan van Eyck Academie, Maastricht, the Netherlands, from 2003 until 2005.

As graphic designers, we have worked mainly in cultural area, collaborating with museums, galleries, publishers and cultural foundations as well as individual artists and writers, on the design of graphic identities, marketing materials and publications.

We have participated in many exhibitions at institutions including Frankfurter Kunstverein, International Biennial of Graphic Design Brno, Ningbo Graphic Design Biennale, Anyang Public Art Project, Arko Art Center, Platform Seoul, Gyeonggi Museum of Modern Art, CCA Wattis Institute for Contemporary Arts in San Francisco and Walker Art Center in Minneapolis. In 2006, we held our first exclusive exhibition at the Gallery Factory in Seoul, for which we received the Art Award of the Year from the Arts Council Korea. In 2014, we were shortlisted for the Hermès Foundation Missulsang. Additionally, we also make and publish books through our own Specter Press, often collaborating with contemporary Korean artists and writers.

We worked as graphic designers for the BMW Guggenheim Lab, a collaborative project initiated by the Guggenheim Foundation and BMW, during its three-year operation in New York, Berlin and Mumbai, for which we created an interactive graphic identity system based on on-line participation. In 2013, Min curated Typojanchi, an international biennial of typography in Seoul, as the curatorial director.

We both teach graphic design and typography: Sulki at Kaywon School of Art & Design, and Min at the University of Seoul.Hi, We are 5unday!
​
Woud you please write 5unday and read sunday.
 
5 man met every sunday and made company.
 
We design somthing and make webtoon and product.
 
Most of all, we like funny works.
 
If you need to funny work, you call 5unday. 
We'll run to you.
 
We are there for you, day or night.
 
However, we'll make a deal with you.
​
​
By 5undayHey Joe is a small, seoul–based graphic design studio founded in 2010 by Hyoun Youl Joe. 
The studio mainly focus on print, identity, and exhibition work within the fields of art, culture and commerce.no-descriptionInspiring, iconic, + disruptively innovative storytelling by passionate creatives, curators, + communicators utilizing a game-changing creative process fueled by creative coffee. The creative future of experiential brand identity design: Credible but with a touch of kulit. Timeless but forward-looking. Minimalist to the max. Solution-oriented, systems-based, + gluten-free. Charot! So tara. Let’s find the key to your aesthetic. Get quirky, fun, + playful with me in the eclectic laboratory of Vigi.Informed by Empathy
Founded in 2005, &Larry is a design company based in Singapore whose practice is deeply rooted in creating empathic connections between people. We believe that design innovation should always serve the human interest. We hold a high regard for the intuitive use of data, research and technology in support of our creativity but are not limited by them.

Collaborative Spirit
We recognise the strengths of a collective mind. &Larry puts the name of the partners and clients before our own as a reminder to always step back and to see the bigger picture. We form partnerships that embrace a multi-disciplinary approach, and seek out ways to learn and grow together.

Creative Harmony
We seek to maintain the perfect balance between art and commerce, knowledge and instinct, technology and craft. Our methodology continuously evolves, adapts and hinges upon the human condition and economic sensibilities, creating solutions that thread through the changing patterns of our daily lives.ACRE is a Singapore based multi-disciplinary design office that creates brand identities, spaces, objects, and experiences.We are often asked who we are and what we do. 

FARM is many things at once. We are a cross disciplinary design practice. We are an architecture atelier. We are a curatorial team. We are a community-centred arts organization. We even run a store. 

We call ourselves FARM because we would like to cultivate a culture of imagination. Underpinning all we do is a belief that joyful creativity is essential in all our lives. FARM endeavours to share with you that delight in each of our projects. 

Since 2005, FARM has worked on community projects which promote the arts. We organise national public art competitions and events. We arrange free quarterly talks by designers and artists. In 2007, FARM established its cross disciplinary design arm. In collaboration with artists and designers, we work on a diverse range of projects. These include architecture & interior design, product design & merchandising, graphic design & branding, art installation & sculpture, exhibition design & curatorial work.We are a team of idea makers & story tellers who help craft, realize and evolve brands with creative and strategic deployment of ideas narrated by various appropriate media. We are located in Singapore, independently owned and creatively motivated.
We’ve been privileged to have worked with some of the most incredible people in and out of town. Give us a ring, let’s get together and make something awesome.H55 is an award winning Singapore-based design and communication consultancy with a reputation for conceiving relevant, engaging and effective ideas.
We enjoy creating visual representations and narratives which are meaningful and purposeful, as opposed to being merely trendy and stylistic. Our fundamentals are clarity, functionality, and timelessness; and we translate our ideas into physical form through an objective process involving craft, well-considered typography and art direction.
An imperative part of our creative process is listening to the needs of our clients and having open communication. This helps us understand and formulate each project's parameters so as to move efficiently towards an appropriate range of possibilities.
Design to us is about intervention rather than invention, and much of our work entails designing new relationships with things already in existence, rather than just new things.
We also recognise that design is only meaningful as an extension and mediator of its context, and this is why we constantly look outside our practice to be informed by other creative and non-creative disciplines.
Besides being a professional practice and business entity, we celebrate design as a significant part of our visual culture and everyday landscape. A piece of work to us not only has economic value, but also social, cultural and linguistic potential and significance as well.
Since its establishment in 1999, H55 has been independently owned by award-winning creative director Hanson Ho, who continues his hands-on attitude towards design and project management. Till this day, H55 remains as a light and compact office so as to be creatively sustainable, focused and dedicated to a select range of clients.
H55 has worked with a variety of clients ranging from government ministries, museums, public-listed companies, small-to-medium-size enterprises, new startups and individuals. We often collaborate with a network of creative specialists such as writers, photographers, digital media experts and architects, building teams according to the needs of each project.
Our work has been featured in numerous international design publications, including Peter and Charlotte Fiell’s ‘New Graphic Design: The 100 Best Contemporary Graphic Designers’, Taschen’s ‘Asian Graphics NOW!’, and Viction:ary’s 'Point East: Exploring Talents in Asia'. Through the years, H55 has also received recognition and awards from the British D&AD, New York Type Directors Club, New York One Show Design, Creative Circle Awards, Tokyo Type Directors Club, and the New York Art Directors Club.Pupilpeople (Pp.) is a design studio based in Singapore. We develop printed and digital communications for academic institutions, arts and cultural organisations, non-profits, commercial and government bodies. * Pp. values research, open communication and client collaboration as much as the final outcome. We respond to content by examining, experimenting and reconstructing them to better communicate the messages within. This approach allows us to build practical and effective responses that best fit the unique objectives of each individual project. * The studio was founded in 2008 by Sean Kelvin Khoo and Nicole Ong. Our capabilities span across various disciplines such as visual identity design, brand strategy and development, content development, editorial design, web design, illustration, photography and copywriting. When necessary, we maintain an essential role of creative and art direction by partnering with an extensive network of collaborators to suit the requirements of projects.
Our interests include exploring and challenging the role design can play in society, and we try to push this through design education and experimental workshops aside from day-to-day projects. This has led us to start initiatives like Areas of Interest (link) and Why, O, Why! (link).we are a graphic design faction compelled by an insufferable interest in art and culture. we believe in design’s ability to elevate and even immortalise what it supports, and that it should support the right things. our approach is never merely pharmaceutical, and our works hardly just novel. * we enjoy working on art direction, content development, event graphics, exhibition graphics, flyer design, illustration, packaging, poster design, publication, visual identity, website. we also work on art projects from time to time.Roots is an interdisciplinary graphic design studio based in Singapore. We work across the fields of branding, print, interactive, spatial and product design.Translating Brands Into Experiences

Somewhere Else is about the constant shift away from the ordinary; the persistent journey to create work that goes beyond the basal need to communicate. The studio creates distinct and thoughtful work that communicates brand individuality across diverse mediums paying careful consideration of touch points that affect how the audience experiences a brand, all in a continued effort to transform brands from mere logos into experiences worth sharing.LIBA studio is an independent creative design studio. We work on a wide variety of commissioned projects covering areas of print, web and form with clients range from arts, fashion, culture and commerce. Collaborating closely with clients enable us to create compelling works with strong focus on concept and typography. * LIBA Studio is an independent creative design studio founded in 2012. Based in sunny Singapore, the studio has worked on variety of projects commissioned by various corporate businesses, cultural institutions and individuals.

Working a cross a range of mediums including identity, publication, exhibition, typography, website and space, we are dedicated to pushing the boundaries of design through cross-disciplinary methods. Our approach is led by a drive to create progressive concepts and dynamic design frameworks through analytical research and open experimentation. Here at LIBA, we are particularly passionate about distinctive ideas and elaborate typography details. We work tirelessly to ensure we achieve the right balance between theory and practice.MyORB is a multi-disciplinary creative studio based in New York founded by Czech-German creative director
Lucie Kim. Our focus is to work closely with clients to help define, understand and express their own identity.
We bring brands alive by consulting on all creative aspects of our client’s business, whether it is to design a logo, help shape the interior of a new store, or to conceive and produce branding videos.Oak is an independent design-led product studio based in cloudy Brooklyn, New York. We make creative products like Dropmark and Siteleaf, and work on a number of other ventures.

Since 2008, we have partnered with startups and leading companies like Facebook, Apple, Spotify, and UNICEF to design interfaces, develop apps, and solve problems. We’re not a VC firm, but we occasionally invest in our favorite ideas.

We believe in building self-sustaining, purposeful products. We tend to build products that scratch our itch, products that we want to exist in this world. As users ourselves, we care deeply about the user experience and building products that last.

As a team we enjoy blurring the lines of design and engineering, and encourage cross-disciplinary collaboration as much as possible. Join us!We create thought-provoking experiences that engage audiences and inspire new perspectives. * Sosolimited was founded by three MIT graduates in 2003 and has been pioneering the creative applications of new technologies ever since. With studios in Boston and San Diego, we work with forward-thinking organizations to elevate their stories in surprising yet accessible ways.
We apply a smart, rigorous approach to all our work, whether it’s data visualization, digital experience, or interactive sculpture. Our team of multidisciplinary experts and partners challenge each other to create data- and technology-driven experiences that engage people and inspire new perspectives.  
Respecting the power of the creative process, we transform data into meaningful works that capture attention in measurable ways. The results have been recognized by the press, won prestigious awards, and made millions of impressions.An independent (award winning) Copenhagen based design studio in love with big ideas, small details, and new challenges. Specialized in creating and developing brands and visual identity through design, strategy, passion and insightsHAWRAF is a con­cep­tu­ally-fo­cused de­sign stu­dio founded by An­drew Her­zog, Carly Ayres, Pe­dro Sanches, and Nicky Tesla. They are de­sign­ers, writ­ers, strate­gists, and tech­nol­o­gists. Their work deals with cre­ative ac­ces­si­bil­ity, com­mu­ni­ca­tion, and in­ter­ac­tion. They cre­ate brand iden­ti­ties, in­stal­la­tions, ac­ti­va­tions, con­tem­pla­tions, web­sites, books, films, con­tent, ex­pe­ri­ences, com­mer­cials, apps, and ob­jects. Ba­si­cally, they can and will cre­ate any­thing.Offshore Studio is a Zurich-based design studio, founded by Isabel Seiffert and Christoph Miler. Their projects have a strong focus on editorial design, typography and storytelling. Next to commissions and collaborations, Offshore Studio investigates critical issues of design, media and globalisation in self-initiated projects.
The design practice of Offshore Studio reflects the fundamental idea of ‘Offshoring’ – the relocation of working processes to other cities, countries and continents. Going offshore means to elude closed territories and start to connect elsewhere. Driven by the aim to explore the remote, unknown and invisible, being and thinking offshore embodies one of the studios’ key principles. In doing so, their modes of production become inevitably collaborative, transnational and decentralized, questioning the traditional boundaries of space, time and professions.HOUTH is a playful studio based in Taipei, Taiwan that flexibly integrates creativity, design, illustration, visual graphics, and resources to create fresh solutions for their clients. Behind the design is art director and illustrator Ho Wan Chun and creative director and photographer Huang Chi Teng.

HOUTH designers appreciate simple, pure things, and interpret "this hilarious world" through a unique perspective. They strongly believe there are no rules to follow in life; instead, there are only choices. Inspiration always comes from real life experience. The two H's in 'HOUTH' represents the two co-founders, while 'OUT' represents their desire to transcend established systems or frameworks.The Folks Studio is a design practice based in Singapore and was founded by Siew & Yang in 2012. The practice works across all possible platforms, providing design and consultancy services in the fields of graphic, communication, branding, product and spatial design.StudioKALEIDO by Winnie Wu is a globally-recognised design house known for alternative graphics with a commerce-meets-art approach, tailoring memorablebrands and print works of high aesthetic value to stand out from the pack. Headquartered in Singapore with correspondence in Shanghai & Taipei.“We’re not technicians. We’re magicians”
 
Factory 1611 is a Singapore based Art & Design studio specialising in branding, business communication strategy, visual communication and fine art. We have worked with a variety of clients ranging from public-listed corporations, government sectors, education institutes, museums, small medium enterprises and startups,from diverse fields including FMCG, retail, fashion, food and beverages, manufacturing and the fine arts.
 
Combining sound business strategy with Art and Design principles, allows us to create effective communication projects across all mediums. Good Art depicts and expresses an experience, whereas good Design successfully conveys a function or a message. We believe both are closely linked, thus the distinctions between Art & Design are often blurred in our works to create unconventional compositions and experiences.Do Not Design is a creative agency specialising in work for art, culture and commerce. Set out to build a new way to connect, we help brands identify opportunities and build relationship with audiences. We redefine briefs to better campaign; design to surprise; provoke interactions, and engage interests and engagements across mediums, industries and generations.

We are a well-developed network of creative producers—designers, strategists, marketers to writers, photographers and illustrators working in branding, content curation, events marketing, digital and spatial design in a variety of clients ranging from museums and non-profit art spaces to publishers, universities and government organisations, public-listed companies, small-to-medium-size enterprises, new startups and individual artists, that includes Crocodile, DesignSingapore Council, Fred Perry, harryhalim, John Clang, Kingsland Global, Luxola, Ministry of Education, National Arts Council, National University of Singapore, N Tyler, Shentonista, Singapore Tyler Print Institute, Tiger Beer (US). 

The agency has recently been placed top 8 in Singapore and #89 in Asia for Campaign Asia Pacific's 'Agency of the Year' in 2016 and have received recognition and awards from some of the most prestigious international design competitions, including the British D&AD, New York One Show Design, Creative Circle Awards, Tokyo Type Directors Club, and the New York Art Directors Club. Our work has also featured in numerous international design publications, including Quotation Magazine, It's Nice That, Magculture, Monocle, Design 360, Asia Pacific Design, Asian Creatives ‘150 Emerging Asian Creatives to Watch’.Studio Ensemble is a brand design agency that crafts meaningful experiences to engage consumers and communicate brand culture. Founded in 2013, Studio Ensemble was created to bridge the gap between graphic design and interior design — delivering quality visual brand identities, to bespoke spaces.

We specialise in design-led corporate identity design, strategy-driven branding communications, and brand-focused spatial design. Our creations help clients live across different platforms — rebrands, graphic design, illustrations, window displays, retail interiors, events, pop-ups. All led by creative thinking and meticulously devised for the right audiences.

Most of our process is dri­ven by deeper con­ver­sa­tions. Be it over coffee or on-going meet-ups, we maintain dia­logues with clients, con­sumers and the world around us.A design practice based in Singapore. We focus on the printed and digital means of communication, establishing a rational relationship between form and content.
 
With equal consideration of context and objectives, we work towards developing intelligent, appropriate and effective forms of design.Vrints-Kolsteren is founded by Vincent Vrints and Naomi Kolsteren and based in Antwerp. We work locally and internationally and offer creative direction, photography and graphic design. We engage in ongoing partnerships and are creating a network of creative talent by working in a collaborative way.
Re­cent commis­sions include cre­ative di­rection for Arte, vi­su­al identity and photography for Shana Teugels, the design for Over Tijd and ongo­ing photography for De Morgen Magazine.SUFFIX is a Bangkok based creative design & development firm producing visual communication for online and offline media. Based on the vocabulary definition of 'suffix;' A morpheme added at the end of a word to form a derivative, our methodology purposes to establish a new characteristic to design by simplification and reconstruction of information.Hello. Welcome to Cornershop, an award-winning brand design boutique. We create brands that tell a unique story and help our clients grow; and we deliver them with old-fashioned service.Forde + Nicol create crafted and considered design for print and digital. * Forde + Nicol is a design and digital development studio based in Melbourne, Australia. We work with a client list ranging from small startups to some of the world’s most admired brands.

At the heart of our process is a commitment to simple, smart and engaging design solutions. We work closely with our clients to craft enduring design outcomes that exceed their expectations.

Forde + Nicol is directed by Dominic Forde and Jonathan Nicol. Our work has been recognised by AGDA, Tokyo Type Directors Club, Create awards and featured in numerous industry publications and books.Round is a design practice that harnesses culture and creativity to transform brands.
We’re based in Melbourne, but our people come from many places. We’re a team of creative thinkers and strategic designers. We recognise that change is inevitable. Together, we design remarkable experiences that engage people and enable organisations to grow.
We do this by discovering who you are (culture). Understanding the complex and simplifying it (strategy). Making it more human (storytelling and identity) and making it connect (communications). 
As you can see from our work, our clients vary in size and come from many different sectors. But they all share a common goal: to embrace change and achieve something never expected. So do we.We are an Australian-based creative practice whose approach purposely blurs the lines between work & play, design & art.

We are directors, thinkers & makers led by the spirit of curiosity & experimentation. Our commercial output is often fuelled by our studio projects where success, failure & chance discovery are all embraced in equal measure. Each experience provides new understanding and facilitates personal and commercial growth.

Practice makes imperfect.We are a Brand Identity, Design & Strategy studio.We make change that inspires curiosity and desire, that builds structure and strategy. Change that is beautiful.
Alter’s current work spans Architecture, Art, Education, Government, Construction, Hospitality, Music and Retail. And many things that fall in between. 
We are a collaborative, flexible and responsive creative partner.
We strive to build long term relationships with our clients and assist to evolve and grow businesses.We are an agency of creatives, strategists and digital experts working together to create smarter brands * Liquorice is a brand agency and a digital agency * By bringing designers, developers and strategic thinkers together under one roof we bridge the gap between brand design and digital technology. Close collaboration between disciplines allows us to devise new and engaging ways for brands to communicate.Hunt & Co. is a multi-disciplinary design and development studio based in Melbourne, that is dedicated to crafting work of value and purpose. * 
Since 2005, Hunt & Co. has completed more than 340 projects for over 80 clients, both locally and internationally. Amongst them have been industry leaders including: Xero, Driza-Bone and Melbourne Olympic Parks. The studio's experience has included designing for a diverse range of sectors including architecture, professional services, publishing, retail, fashion, and hospitality. 

The studio's work has been recognized both locally and internationally with awards from AGDA, Mohawk Paper, and the Victorian Premier, and has been featured in numerous design books and periodicals.A design studio helping people build great brands. * We create emotional connections through meaningful design solutions. Most importantly, we’re nice people.We are a graphic design and visual communication studio based in Melbourne. We help our clients realise their projects through strategic and creative thinking. Our work derives from a need to clarify and create relevant solutions based on aesthetics and functionality.Mildred & Duck is a Melbourne-based graphic design and communication studio established by Sigiriya Brown and Daniel Smith. We design for print, digital and environmental media, creating solutions that communicate and connect with people.

We work across a variety of sectors with a range of clients, from startups to established organisations, continually delivering thoughtfully crafted outcomes regardless of scope or budget. The small size of our team allows us to be flexible and take care of every single detail during the design process, ensuring a high level of execution no matter the scale of the project.We are a design led creative practice based in Melbourne Australia. We work where brand strategy and design thinking meet to help businesses distill, define and articulate what they do and why they do it.

We use design to connect businesses to their audiences in meaningful ways that garner tangible returns, regardless of the medium. We choose to work with ambitious businesses because, as they say, you are the company you keep.U-P is an ideas-led creative consultancy that emotionally connects brands and organisations to people. The consultancy provides creative direction, brand development and graphic design across all available media.  Using a research-based approach, U-P applies design innovation as the main source of differentiation. Over the last 10 years success has been built through a unique combination of play and rigour. Positivity and experimentation are at the very core of U-P's philosophy. Constraints are explored in optimistic and creative ways, resulting in work that is memorable and meaningful, and improves our way of life. U-P is led by Paul Marcus Fuog and Uriah Gray. The studio is headquartered in Melbourne with a satellite studio in New York City servicing a growing client-base.Heavy Time is a publishing collaboration between Rob Cordiner, Ed Davis and Todd Jordan focusing on artist publications and exhibitions. Since 2012 Heavy Time has worked closely with artists on projects of shared interest, including collaborative releases with Tolarno Galleries, I.P.F., Printed Matter and P.A.M.Grosz Co.Lab is an inter-disciplinary design consultancy possessing a diverse creative skillset tempered with strategic insight. The studio excels in producing work that achieves a balance of analytical and inspiration led design. A refreshing combination of fact and feeling, empathy and commerce drive the delivery of design that has positive cultural impact and can transform organisations from the inside out. 
—
Collaborative relationships form the foundations of the studio, not only embedded within its name, but through actively fostering partnerships with clients and collaborators nationally and abroad.
—
Grosz Co.Lab considers itself to be part company, part creative laboratory and innovative through the results of collaboration.A collaborative research, design & development practice. Focusing on the intersection of physical and digital publishing for arts, culture, commons and pedagogical practises.Vertigo is an internationally-renowned graphic design studio based in Melbourne with a focus on branding and design. With simplicity at the heart of our practice we work across print, digital and spatial environments, creating design that communicates brands, connects with people and helps businesses grow.

We believe in the value of design and work with a wide range of start-ups and established companies that seek simple and significant design solutions.The PSP triad is a creative agency founded by Laura Clauscen, Fred Mora and Lauren Stephens specialising in art direction, creative content and product design for brands and institutions.

When not working with others, we enter deep research in forgotten trades, experiment with unfavoured materials and undergo process driven projects.

According to the scale of the task we either work autonomously or assemble a crack team of Melbourne creatives to communicate in relevant and unfounded ways. PSP prides itself on being strategic, dynamic and unlike the others.Here lies the visual and the written elements of branding, packaging and campaigns designed for our clients by our nonconforming selves.A union of substance and style, your brand is how your customers see your business. It’s what makes you unique. It’s what makes you desirable. It’s shorthand for everything that makes you, you. 

Shorthand is an Australian creative studio. We combine expertise in brand strategy, graphic design and communication to help businesses define their brand – to define who they are and how to engage their audience.Zé Studio is a Sydney based design and art direction studio founded and led by Joe Tarzia. We work with various institutions, brands and individuals both locally and internationally. Our ideas are developed through an honest and intuitive approach with our clients. We develop concepts across digital spaces to physical objects and environments.Garbett is a design and image-making studio based in Sydney, Australia. * We are driven by a desire to make the world better, easier and more delightful through design and thinking. The scale of the projects we work on varies from one-off image making and illustration projects to complex identity programs. We will always try to maximise the potential of any project, no matter what the scale or budget. We take a considered, thoughtful approach to the work we do. We work with conscience and care deeply about the projects we undertake. 
 
We’d love to hear from you.We are a digital design partner for smart startups and brave businesses. * Meaningful design that solves business problems, and connects with the heart.Welcome to Deuce Design. We are a multi-disciplinary design studio creating everything from architectural and environmental graphics, wayfinding systems, interior installations, packaging, branding and identities to publications, exhibitions, websites and surface design. * Founded in 2000 by Sophie Tatlow and Bruce Slorach, the studio is committed to creative and unique design outcomes. We are dedicated and passionate individuals who seek to provide successful and creative solutions for our clients. The studio prides itself on its energetic and creative team and its ability to being able to work across all project types and sizes.

In 2013, we set up Utopia Goods, a textile business with products featuring hand drawn illustrations inspired by the Australian flora and fauna.We are an independent and collaborative creative company based in Sydney, Australia.

We work with a diverse range of companies, brands and partners across multiple platforms, specialising in brand identity, creative direction and digital design.M35 is a multi-disciplinary agency with a reputation for creating innovative and effective design solutions. We believe that effective design brings clarity to complex issues and facilitates better communication and brand positioning. * M35’s design focus is on creating a brand experience rather than working within a particular medium. We achieve this by a process of client collaboration, strategic thinking and market analysis. As we routinely collaborate with industry leaders in other disciplines we have the capacity to produce work that is not confined to graphic design alone, but can span all areas of communication, from advertising, packaging and retail to environmental graphics and wayfinding.We are a strategic brand consultancy that builds brands to move at the speed of culture. * 
At Re, we believe that to stay relevant, brands need to behave like living breathing entities that constantly evolve with the world around them.

We build brands to be like David Bowie. They have an innate ability to adapt in response to moments in time, all while remaining unmistakably themselves.

‘Re’ comes from the Latin meaning again and again. We use a process of ongoing iteration to enable our clients’ brands to adapt as new business and cultural opportunities present themselves. We believe brands are always in beta.Daily Dialogue was established as a counterpoint to traditional marketing and advertising agencies. Strong state­ments and an unconventional approach define the unique character of our projects. We develop bespoke design and strategic solutions for clients that are willing to go in new ways and work in close collaboration towards a common goal. Our work is based on a meticulous attention to detail and exceptional ideas to create holistic concepts. We are diametri­cally opposed to formulaic uninspired work. We take a linear approach to idea, concept and form, which provides a strong basis to develop concrete solutions. Fundamental to our success is our ability to develop a collaborative approach with our clients. One that is based on mutual trust and a clear line of communication. An open transparent working relationship is essential to provide clarity in the creation of good design both visually and conceptually. By establishing an ongoing dialogue with our clients we want to make our decisions more transparent during the design process. This helps to form a general view on design as a practice and strengthen the basis of mutual trust.
This mindset enables us to support clients with a myriad of projects. As consultants we are able to grasp multiple perspec­tives to create novel approaches and innovative solutions. Our ability to structure information, encourage unorthodox methods and employ a whole host of inventive design solutions enable us to succinctly define company profiles. We are advisers that can accurately analyse market trends and are able to bring different experts to the table when needed.
Daily Dialogue stands for the critical analysis of creative work. Through a continuous, internal and external dialogue we constantly refine our position.We are an independent Paris-based graphic design studio founded by Thomas Bizzarri and Alain Rodriguez. Our work process focuses on discussion for a good understanding
of our clients needs and deals with all the steps leading to production. We aim to work for a wide range of clients, from cultural institutions and publi-
shers to brands and private companies, both internationally and locally.Villa Böhnke is a graphic design studio working on visual identities, websites, books, posters, signages in the areas of culture and industry.
Benoit Böhnke and Charles Villa met at the École des beaux-arts de Rennes (Rennes art school). Before creating Villa Böhnke in 2015, Benoit worked with graphic designer Pierre Bernard (2012‑2014) and Charles Villa with Frédéric Teschner (2011‑2014).
Their approach to graphic design is rigorous, experimental and inspired by contemporary art. They are particularly interested in the new editorial practices emerging on the internet.
The studio is currenlty working with the French Ecole Normale Supérieure (ENS) for the project “Les Ernest”, “*DUUU – Unités Radiophoniques Mobiles” (2016), “Bruise Magazine” (2016) and the art studios of the city of Marseille. For Naïca éditions (publisher), they have created the digital version of the artist Cécile Paris’s monography.
During a residency at Mains d’Œuvres (2014‑2015), Villa Böhnke developed with the art critic and curator Julie Portier, the Department Council of Seine-Saint-Denis and Ann Stouvenel, arts manager at Mains d’Œuvres, a cycle of artistic films named “Video Palace”.
Charles and Benoit also teach at the Université Paris 8 and have led workshops at the Esad Orléans (Orléans art school), Université Rennes 2 and l’Ensci‑Les Ateliers (design school)Non–verbal is a design studio, based in Porto, focused on providing custom design solutions and communication consultancy to clients looking for work that goes beyond their expectations.

Our motivation comes from our many passions and at the centre of our practice is our concern for the ways in which language is made visible – through a careful, skilled and informed use of typography. We're unashamedly dedicated to it.

We value intelligent and informed perspectives, which we support through an intensive process of research, strategy development and collaboration networks. This ensures that our response is unique to each challenge we are given. Every project we undertake is a dedicated balancing act – between craft and technology, between rationality and poetry, between expectation and surprise. *no-descriptionSorbet is a multidiscipline design studio based in Auckland, New Zealand. We help brands gain clarity, value and a collective vision through design.

The motto is simple: tell your story, and tell it well.

We help our clients establish a clear direction and identity, then match that with a strong design aesthetic that encapsulates exactly what their brand is about. Each project is meticulously researched, every avenue explored, with a bespoke visual language being the end result. It's more than just a logo to us, it's your story.We’re Goodfolk, an independent creative agency based on Auckland’s Karangahape Road. When our clients bring us a communications challenge, we solve it with good design, advertising, digital and experiential ideas.In a world where attention spans are shrinking, rich ideas and visual language are more important than ever.

Sleep is a multidisciplinary practice specialising in innovative design projects. Our portfolio encompasses conceptual design, advertising, art projects, creative direction and spatial design.Resn is a creative agency with a digital obsession. Our singular vision is to infect minds with gooey interactive experiences that amaze and stupefy.

Since 2004, Resn has worked at the frontier of interactive development and design. Our highly-skilled team has the expertise to take on complex technical challenges and fulfill creative dreams. From early insights and strategy to premium design and development, we collaborate with our clients at every stage, to deliver valuable engagement with their brand. We call this the Resn Effect.MOOI [Afrikaans for beautiful] got together in 2010 as a design collective in Linz, Austria.

We associate an undogmatic view of design. We are as well versed in new media as in classic publications and advertising media. We do not stay on the surface, we love to dive into tasks and to co-ordinate the perception of companies and organizations with coherent implementations.

We are currently three, depending on the task but also many. We are well networked . We love to be with you. We are MOOI.Studio South is an award winning design consultancy based in Auckland, New Zealand. Established in 2004 – albeit under a different name – Studio South helps to transform brands and businesses through strong conceptual thinking and carefully crafted design.  * 
Our studio is a small, but strong team of individuals equipped with years of industry experience and a well-developed network of talented suppliers and collaborators. Together we have the skills and passion to tackle any brief with integrity and ambition. 
Using insight, instinct and method, our design work is led by intelligent ideas and moves seamlessly between physical and digital. Our approach seeks to engage, inform and surprise. With an emphasis on open and on- going client relationships, we build projects that exceed expectations and deliver consistent and measurable results. 
From concept to completion, we approach every project with the curiosity essential for creating original and intelligent design solutions.We work with national and international clients to grow their competitiveness and find unique ways to engage new and existing customers. * In a world full of ordinary products and services, we work with like-minded partners to inspire the incredible and make it credible.What we do. And how we do it.
You know who you are. We’ll show it to the world.
You know what you want to communicate. We’ll express your words.
You know what you want to look like. We create your look and feel.
And in case you don't know, we help you find out.
We will be the mirror for your looks, the sounding board for your sounds, so to say.
We will draw the maps for your future ways. And be sure – nothing essential will be overlooked or left-out for the wrong reasons.

The unit in brand unit
We are a unit of joint forces from different walks of business-life.
We pool our experience, know-how and training in strategy, branding, business development, communication, project management, design and photography.
We will partner with you to find the right frame of operation.
And hell, yeah: we’re proud of the aptitude to find the right solution, especially in the face of adversity.

We have coined concepts and created brands, shaped notions, teams and processes.
We are quick in ideas and have the stamina for the long haul.
We know stepping stones and pitfalls.
We know how to handle existing tools, identifying the wrong ones and developing new ones.

We know how to work tools into a strategy and put them to work. Hands-on, mind-on and definitely heart-on. Digital and analogue. Hybrid by choice and conviction.

On the down side:
There are no short-cuts.
And that’s a fact we can guarantee. Along with the rest you’ve just read.atelier olschinsky founded in 2002 is a small creative studio based in Vienna, Austria. Peter Olschinsky and Verena Weiss are operating in various fields such as graphic design, illustration, photography and art direction. In addition to their jobs for clients they also run several independent projects, always trying to develop and refine their work. 

"It is just so important to work as much as you can, to learn and to be open to new things. 
The journey is the award."Atelier Karasinski is a Vienna based design agency that consists of independent individuals working together on a project-related basis, founded in 2012 by Laura Karasinski. 
We create visual identities, photos & films, printed matter, commercials, websites and interior design for clients worldwide.no-descriptionThe Atelier Dreibholz is a design practice founded in 2004 by Paulus M. Dreibholz. Specialising in typographic design the studio works with a variety of clients with a focus on projects in the field of fine art and architecture. Our projects range from extensive corporate identities to small brochures and leaflets, which all receive equal care and attention to concept and craft. We take great pride in conceiving and developing our projects in close collaboration with our clients and see the respectful dialogue as our main tool of designing.
We highly value attention to detail and argumentative thought and apply both rigorously from the conceptual stages through to delivery or launch of the individual project.sensomatic was established in 2002 as a graphic design studio by Christine Zmölnig and Florian Koch. 

Our design solutions are always content-lead, with an emphasis on typography. We develop visual communication solutions for clients mainly based in the arts and the cultural sector. 

We work on a diverse range of projects for different scales and budgets – visual identities, publications, exhibitions, websites and signage systems.
sensomatic received Josef Binder Awards, a D&AD Award and took part in several design exhibitions. We taught at Westminster University, TU Wien and University of Applied Arts in Vienna. sensomatic’s work has been published in various design magazines.Art studio

Based in Antwerp, Belgium
Founded by Deborah Bloemen and Martijn Vogelaers



disciplines

visual concept, artwork, identity design,
creative direction, art-direction, graphic design, scenography
production, photography, casting, styling, set-dressing, post-production,
website design & development, social media,
consultancy...Catapult is a multifunctional design office specialized in visual identities and editorial publications. Based in Antwerp we work for institutional, cultural and industrial clients across various media: books, magazines, websites, applications, posters, typefaces, identities, exhibition design and signage. Our work has a strong conceptual and typographic basis. We are Anton DE HAAN, Frank KUIJPERS, Garland LAFFUT, Siebe LE DUC en Tom VAN WELKENHUYZEN.no-descriptionStudio Studio is a creative graphic & web studio based in Ghent, Belgium.

Working in various areas of art direction and visual communication, including brand development, corporate design, digital experiences and traditional media. With all sizes of clients, from individuals to global businesses, delivering tailored solutions by combining a clear and minimalistic design approach with strategic and analytic thinking.

If you would like to know more, talk about a potential project or just curious, please contact us:Based in Brussels, Alt is a multi-disciplinary design studio offering creative solutions. Its independent structure encourages dialogue and pertinent collaboration. The studio's work –characterised by the research for concept, meaning and coherency– gives extra attention to typography and readability. Alt develops personalised and effective solutions, making the most pertinent use of existing media supports.
Co-founded by Emmanuel Leroy and Olivier Mary.K.Y.D. is Caroline Dath + Damien Safie + guests 

Kidnap Your Designer is the name of a Belgian graphic design agency created in 2006 by Caroline Dath, a graduate of Saint-Luc Liège and ERG (Graphic Research School). Damien Safie, a classmate from ERG, joined her in 2008 as partner. 

This studio, based in Brussels, produces creative works using typography and printing techniques for clients from the music, theatre, cinema, design or architecture fields. Cultural institutions also missions the studio on their visual communication tools. 
Kidnap Your Designer also creates experimental and self-produced projects ('It's Better Here', 'Note' exhibitions, postcards, poster or T-shirts…).

For each project the studio develops its graphic design around an idea, a concept closely related to the subject involved.
Graphic design should not exist without ideas. 
When sense makes graphic-design then design-graphic makes sense. 

Caroline and Damien both teach at ERG (École de Recherche Graphique) Brussels, in the Graphic Design section.

Caroline also gave lessons at École Supérieure des Arts Saint-Luc Liège in the Graphic Design section in 2008.



So do as you're told and kidnap your designer if you want great work!

And don't worry mom & dad! 
We won't be really kidnaped... 
Well we hope! K.Y.D. is an allusion to 
Kill your Idols as well as many other stuff... 
So don't panik and carry on scrolling!no-descriptionStudio Luc Derycke is a Ghent based design studio with a focus on book design. It was founded in 2005 by Luc Derycke who started as a freelance graphic designer in 1993, after having worked as a publisher for Imschoot, Ghent setting up an imprint of artist books.Clanada is Lana Cavar, Natasha Chandani and Danielle Aubert. We have been working together in various configurations since 2005.

Lana lives in Zagreb, Croatia, Natasha lives in Brooklyn, NY and Danielle is in Detroit, MI. We met in the MFA program in Graphic Design at Yale University. Between us we've lived or worked in Amsterdam, Bangalore, Brooklyn, Detroit, Dinajpur, Moscow, New Haven, New York, Northern Virginia, Paris, Princeton, Rabat, Seattle and Zagreb.

Lana Cavar is currently based in Zagreb, Croatia. She has worked on a number of cultural and architectural publications for clients in Croatia and the United States. She co-edited and designed the books Bale Shoreline: Spatial Planning and Development Study (self-published, 2007) and Brod/The Ship/La nave: Floating pavilion for Croatia at Venice Biennale (Museum of Contemporary Art, Rijeka). Her work has received awards from TDC New York and Tokyo, Young Guns, ADC New York, AIGA and Icograda. Frakcija, a performing arts journal she designed, was placed in the collection at the Design Museum (London) in 2003.

Danielle Aubert is an Assistant Professor of graphic design at Wayne State University in Detroit. She was the recipient of a two-year fellowship at the Lewis Center for the Arts at Princeton University from 2013-15. She has practiced graphic design in New York, Moscow and Detroit. Her work has appeared in various exhibitions and design publications including Wired and Metropolis magazines. She is the author of 16 Months Worth of Drawing Exercises in Microsoft Excel (Various Projects: 2006) and Marking the Dispossessed (Passenger Books: 2015).

Natasha Chandani is based in New York City. She has worked on a number of publications with clients in the United States, the Netherlands, the UK and India. For several years she worked as a designer for the architecture publication Volume. She collaborated with Dutch designer Irma Boom on the design of Al Manakh (with editors Rem Koolhaas, Ole Bouman and Mark Wigley), a study of the current condition of the Gulf for the International Design Forum in Dubai, 2007. She currently teaches at Parsons, The New School for Design.

Talks/Workshops/Visits

AIGA Detroit
AIGA/NY
Columbia University, GSAPP
CRVENA (Sarajevo)
Graham Foundation
Lauba Contemporary Art Space, Zagreb
Motto (Berlin)
Museum of Art & Design (NY)
Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit
Museum of Yugoslav History (Serbia)
New York Art Book Fair (The Classroom)
Otis School of Art & Design
Open Book Workshop
Parsons the New School
Princeton University
Printed Matter, New York
PS1/MoMA
School of Art Institute of Chicago
University of Illinois – Chicago
University of Toronto
Van Alen Books (NY)
Werkplaats Typografie (NL)he Rodina was founded in 2011 by Tereza and Vit Ruller. Czech-born, Amsterdam-based independent graphic designers.

The Rodina works on commissioned design projects, while also experimenting autonomously. The Rodina invents the ways how experience, knowledge and relations are preserved and produced. Interested in connections between culture, technology and aesthetic, The Rodina designs events, objects and tools.

Studio specialises in video, interactive, installations and visual identities. This cross-media approach allows to examine communication as thousands of small interactions which leads to actions.Atelier for UXUX
(unexpected user experience),
Graphic Design,
Art Direction & Code.Anymade Studio was established in 2009. Its founders, Petr Cabalka, Filip Nerad and Jan Sramek, currently live and work in Prague. The graphic studio is interested in visual communication and is inspired by music, contemporary fashion and visual arts.

We use wide selection of disciplines such as graphic design, illustration, animation, installation or photography while working on our contracts. We do so for both offline and online projects. Graphic design is perceived as a dialogue between the studio and the client. We approach the projects playfully, with an eye for detail and emphasis on individual approach. Function and quality are logically the client’s main interests – originality and overlap is ours. Our target is to solve projects originally with regard to the context. We wish for clients who like to experiment and explore new possibilities.

Our work is constantly reviewed at international exhibitions and competitions. Our projects regularly appear in magazines and anthologies around the world.no-descriptionLab is a research area, which together with a few external 
We examine the broad areas of graphic design. 
We cooperate with a number of innovators from different fields.Wrong is a Copenhagen based creative design studio, working with art direction, visual identity, graphic design in print and digital for clients in fashion, art and culture. Wrong is Art Directors Andreas Peitersen and Jess Andersen.homework is a graphic design studio and creative consultancy specializing in visual identity, art direction and re-branding within beauty, fashion and lifestyle.Re-public is a strategic design agency specializing in branding and visual identity.
Established in 1999 with an international reach from Copenhagen to Mexico City, we develop intelligent and innovative cross-platform design solutions.
We are creative partners to ambitious individuals and businesses who want to build strong brands. We partner long-term and work at pace to create meaningful visual communication.no-descriptionWelcome, we are B14 — a Copenhagen-based design agency.

We work strategically with our clients to create sophisticated and strong solutions. * We work strategically with our clients to create sophisticated and strong solutions. Being a multidisciplinary agency, we bring drops of clarity to a complex and increasingly digital world by working, evolving and nurturing the intersecting fields of design and technology.

No design system is stronger than its individual components. Still, our approach to design is one grounded in a profound dedication to completeness. This holistic method is our way of ensuring elegant and sustainable solutions in an evolving reality of new platforms and shifting technologies.

We feel an obligation to inspire our clients to shine as bright as possible and to empower them to take charge of their own identity and digital future.

Be bold. Create new paths. Turn heads. That’s what we love to do.

B14 is a design agency established in 2006.Werklig is a brand design agency based in Helsinki, Finland. * Werklig is an independent brand design agency based in Helsinki, Finland.
We design, sharpen and evolve brands. We build brand strategies and design visual identities. We create solutions that boost sales, increase brand value and build sustainable customer relationships.
Our mission is to help our clients to conquer the world.AKU is a design agency based in Tallinn, Estonia. We work with ambitious people in culture, finance and technology and deliver experiences, packaging and strategy. * We are forward-thinking designers who love interesting problems. Our work starts with a simple “why?” and follows a tailor-made process, involving both reason and intuition. We aim to provide meaningful, honest and surprising solutions.

AKU was founded in 2012 by Alari Orav, Kaarel Kala and Uku-Kristjan Küttis, who share over 40 years of combined experience in design and communication. We have worked with a wide range of clients from long-standing institutions to fresh start-ups, both locally and internationally.Tsto is a design agency serving in fields of graphic design, art direction and consultancy in both digital and printed media. * Tsto is a graphic design agency based in Helsinki and New York. We focus on visual concepts and art direction. 

Our approach is thorough and hands-on. We tackle an assignment by first taking it apart to its bare essentials, and then building it in a new way that best serves the purpose. This philosophy lets us go deeper than the surface, to the hidden core of each case.

Through the varied skills of our designers we find the best-suited tools to bring our ideas to life. We do it in a way that focuses on the whole but with attention to all details. Tsto combines thorough to-the-point thinking to a craftsman’s can-do attitude. We also work with other proven professionals in whatever media the work requires.Kokoro & Moi, established in 2001, is a full-service creative agency transforming brands with bold ideas and progressive concepts. Our focus is on strategy, identity and design.

The mindset? We are always asking questions, challenging norms and piecing together new worlds to solve tasks in unique ways. It's a playground out there, so let's play with what we can with no preconceptions. In a world overloaded with messages, we use the power of design to help our clients stand out.

We create authentic and innovative strategies, craft imaginative solutions and make an impact in the required media – from print and digital to products and environments. There's always a way. However we define it here, each case is unique and a collaboration. We've worked alongside a broad and international range of commercial players, from multinationals to start-ups as well as a variety of cultural and public institutions.

This is how we intend to continue – setting the standard, then continuing to evolve it.
 

Our Services

1) Strategy
Positioning, Brand Architecture, Brand & Communication Strategy, Brand & Concept Development

2) Identity
Naming, Visual Identity, Art Direction, Tone of Voice & Storytelling

3) Design
Print, Digital & Interactive, Spaces & Environments, Events & Exhibitions, Editorial & Publishing, Products & Packaging, Signage & Wayfinding, Consultancy & Curationcatalogue is a graphic design practice based in Lyon, France. It provides visual identities, paper and web based communication, books and signage for cultural, institutional or industrial fieldsWe're an award winning digital and branding agency, driving sales and increasing brand value through intelligent, well executed design. * With over 20 years of experience our team consists only of senior Design Directors and Lead Developers. We are passionate about design and always deliver outstanding results for our clients. By taking the time to understand your unique communications objectives and align these with your audiences we develop targeted digital strategies and innovate to engage.plus mûrs studio is a creative design studio offering art direction, graphic design and editorial. The studio has been working on projects within the range of identities, videos, books, art direction, motion graphics, posters, magazines, websites, exhibitions, and time-to-time through installation. The studio is made up of Méric Chaperon, Vincent Labas and Nassim Bouaza.Art direction and graphic design studioAkatre is a creative studio founded in 2007, in Paris, by Valentin Abad, Julien Dhivert and Sébastien Riveron. The trio works and expresses themselves in graphic design, photography, typography, video, artistic installation and musical creation for institutions in art, cultural, fashion, media and luxury.Concrete graphic design and sensitive photography.Bureau Kayser is a multidisciplinary design studio based in Paris. Our work includes art direction and graphic design for varied productions. Interested in research and experimentation, Bureau Kayser creates timeless solutions with strong base of reflection and composition to offer unique and contemporary solutions adapted to every project. * Services
Art & creative direction
Brand & identity design
Print & publishing design
Development & digital design
Event & campaign design
Consult concept & design
Video & motion designZoo is a Paris based graphic design studio founded by Baptiste de l'Espinay, Julie Galand and Valentine Thébaut. We specialize in print design (publishing, lay-out, identity, etc.), web design (website, interface, motion design, etc.) and signage (sign, museography, etc.). We believe in strenght of plain ideas and in necessity of a clear language. Each project is an adventure with new issues, driven by the care of functionality and aesthetic. 
Feel free to contact us, it will be a pleasure to meet you.The work of Vier5 is based on a classical notion of design. Design as the possibility of drafting and creating new, forward-looking images in the field of visual communication.
A further focus of our work lies on designing and applying new, up-to-date fonts. The work of Vier5 aims to prevent any visual empty phrases and to replace them with individual, creative statements, which were developed especially for the used medium and client.REVERBERE is a lab-workshop where tailor-made graphic solutions are developed. The know-how of the team covers many fields: branding, web design, publishing, manufacture of accessories and decors for events or shooting ... thus providing a response adapted to each request.Maquette & Mise en page, a graphic design studio founded by Christophe Michel in 2002, can advise you on the creation of your written or multimedia materials and document layouts.
We design logos, graphic systems, visual identities, brochures, leaflets, books, posters, signage, typefaces and websites.
We can also offer you our experience by helping you in your choice of papers, printing processes, document presentation and by supervising production.We are an art direction and graphic design studio based in Paris. Varying in subject and scale, our work is characterized by a distinct directness, and driven by a passion for typographic detail. As an extension of our practice, we have been teaching Communication at the École d’architecture de la ville & des territoires à Marne-la-Vallée since 2008. We also regularly run workshops, give lectures and participate in selection boards.We are an independent Paris-based graphic design studio founded by Thomas Bizzarri and Alain Rodriguez. Our work process focuses on discussion for a good understanding of our clients needs and deals with all the steps leading to production. We aim to work for a wide range of clients, from cultural institutions and publishers to brands and private companies, both internationally and locally.Founded in Paris in 2008, Les Graphiquants is a design agency investigating, exploring, experimenting and drawing signs, transforming clients' stories into the abstract, the poetic, the graphic, the sensitive, the black and white, sometimes the colour, always the meaning –without forgetting an inimitable dose of peculiarity. The approach has always led to an intelligent, serious, brutal as well as delicate imagination combined with rigorous work methods. A wide range of work and skills from graphic design, typographies, brand identities, video production, art direction, signage to websites conception and development.Multidisciplinary graphic design studio founded by Michaël Tamimy & Claire Blaizot.
Index-Studio specializes in the areas of web design, publishing, illustration, video and 3D.We are digital craftsmen.Pentagram is the world’s largest independent design consultancy. The firm is owned and run by 21 partners, a group of friends who are all leaders in their individual fields. We design architecture and interiors, books, branding and identities, digital installations, exhibitions, films, products, posters, and websites from offices in London, New York, San Francisco, Berlin and Austin. * Pentagram is the world’s largest independent design consultancy. The firm is owned and run by 21 partners, a group of friends who are all leaders in their individual fields.

We work in London, New York, San Francisco, Berlin and Austin. We design everything: architecture, interiors, products, identities, publications, posters, books, exhibitions, websites, and digital installations.

Each of our clients works directly with one or more of our partners. This reflects our conviction that great design cannot happen without passion, intelligence, and personal commitment, which is demonstrated by a portfolio of work that spans five decades.NODE is a Berlin- and Oslo-based design studio founded in 2003 by Anders Hofgaard and Serge Rompza. The studio works collaboratively across various media for a diverse range of clients from individuals to institutions, focusing on print, identity, exhibition and interactive work. Besides studio projects, NODE gives lectures and holds workshops at art & design academies.Neubau — Design for Designers, Enterprises & Aficionados.

Formed by Berlin based designer Stefan Gandl in late 2001 the independent studio went on to release two bestselling books ‘Neubau Welt’ (2005) and ‘Neubau Modul’ (2007). In 2008 Neubau’s work was exhibited in the ‘Neubauism’ exhibition at MU (Eindhoven/The Netherlands), a perspicacious, kinetic journey through the world of Neubau opened by Wim Crouwel. Neubau’s latest studio book ‘Neubau Forst Catalogue’ (Urban Tree Collection for the Modern Architect & Designer) published by renown Lars Müller Publishers celebrated its world premiere at Storefront for Art & Architecture New York in October 2014."Their work is original and amazing"
– Amazon review

Hort emerged from the Frankfurt techno scene in 1994, originally founded by Eike König as "Eikes grafischer Hort". The studio moved to Berlin in 2007 and has been growing as a group ever since. Hort does art direction, branding, creative consultancy, editorial design, graphic design, illustration, lectures and workshops. Hort works with institutions such as Arte, Bauhaus Dessau, Bergen Assembly, Mousonturm, Frankfurter Positionen and Tanzplattform Deutschland, as well as brands like Adobe, IBM, Microsoft, Nike, The New York Times and Universal Music. People working at Hort are Anne Büttner, Eike König, Elizabeth Legate, Tim Rehm, Tim Schmitt, Tim Sürken and Alan Woo, together with other freelancers and interns.HelloMe is a Berlin based design studio creating ideas, art direction and design for art, culture and commerce.

The studio’s work is based on a systematic design approach, informed by research, conception and the intrinsic characteristics of each specific project.

Independently and with clients the studio creates innovative communication strategies, dynamic design systems and progressive visual concepts through experimentation, analytic thinking and a passion for distinctive ideas and elaborate typography.

We work with a broad range of clients from individuals and institutions to local business and global brands.Studio Laucke Siebein is a design studio based in Amsterdam and Berlin. Dirk Laucke and Johanna Siebein specialise in creative strategies, dynamic identities, book- and web design for cultural as well as commercial clients. They combine a strategic approach with high-quality design within the scope of different media.FELD is a Berlin based design studio inspired by the possibilities of technology to transcend the borders between physical and digital environments, seamlessly bridging art and design, architecture and engineering, society and science. * FELD was founded in 2011 by a group of Berlin-based designers who share a common language of digital thinking in their creative process.

The studio combines scenography, computational design, electronics, physical computing, animation and a confident and elegant graphic design attitude. These skills are equally present in artistic interventions and in high-end production commissions.

FELD is composed of media and product designers, software and hardware developers, engineers and project managers, and holds several in-house prototyping and production tools to facilitate an iterative and experiment-driven design process. Each project is carefully and individually handled and evolves in close dialogue with the respective client.

The studio regularly collaborates with people, businesses and institutions spanning various fields. We work with clients from the cultural sector, industry and trade, as well as science-focused research institutes and universities. Whether you’re an artist, musician or an architectural firm, a car manufacturer, fashion designer or something else entirely – we are always searching for new and inspiring creative partnerships.

 
Many projects start with a simple idea and grow in detail over time. We perform small experiments to deepen our understanding of a topic and use our findings as a starting point for further iteration. We also consider non-electronic materials and immaterial elements such as processes and habitats as viable technologies and modes of expression.

In our process, we aim to reduce complexity, focusing on the essentially intuitive experience that we want to provoke. We are interested in expanding human perception and imagination by linking physical, virtual and social environments in an elegant and useful way.

The studio is frequently invited to give lectures and talks at symposiums and festivals around the world, while also organising independent seminars and workshops at universities, research institutes and private companies.

If you are interested in working with us or would like to know more about FELD, please contact us via email or phone or simply drop by at our studio for a coffee and a chat – we would love to hear from you!Eps51 is a graphic design studio developing visual concepts across various media.

Our clients range from the fields of art and design to commercial enterprises. For an overview of our work scroll down; to view our archive check the projects section. * Eps51 is an internatio­nally active graphic design studio develo­ping visual concepts with a strong focus on typography and bilingual design. After having lived and worked in Cairo, London, Brighton and Paris, Ben Wittner and Sascha Thoma founded Eps51 in Berlin in 2008.

Our professional expertise ranges from developing brands, establishing visual identities and conceptualising online presences to editing and designing books as well as organising cultural events.

We have worked on numerous intercultural proj­ects over the past years, regularly take part in exhibitions, give lectures and hold workshops.We are Weiss–heiten – a pan- European creative network with studios in London, Berlin, Paris and Zurich.

We create new concepts. Develop new designs. And unleash new thinking in our visual work. 

We know every job is unique. So we get under the skin of every project and every brand we touch. The result is individual, distinctive, confident design. 

We believe in the exchange of ideas, experience and expertise. Each of our studios inspires its peers. As a result, we bring the heart of European culture to our daily life and work.

If you would like to know more about us or discuss your project, don’t hesitate to contact us.YUKIKO are a creative duo from Berlin. Michelle Phillips and Johannes Conrad specialise in creative direction, art direction and design for print and web, photography and video.

Conceptual thinking and an authentic, project-specific approach form the essential ingredients of their practice. YUKIKO are led by a hands-on approach, unlimited imagination and relevant ideas.

YUKIKO aim to create compelling design with visual sensibility and fine execution. When their ideas and their outcome end up surprising them, when things become autonomous and take them to an unexpected place, then they are happy.

Since their launch in 2012 YUKIKO have been awarded at D&AD, ADC Germany, Lead Awards and TDC New York.Modem Studio is a graphic design studio working in the fields of print and web. Founded in 2012 by Belgian graphic designer Pieterjan Grandry the studio is based in Berlin and works for international cultural and commercial institutions and private clients. With attention to detail, fonts, paper, inks and all of the material aspects involved in the process we focus on quality and aim towards creating beautiful tactile objects. All of the sites we make benefit from choosing the perfect CMS, as each website serves different needs we make a big effort in choosing the right one for each project. We are aware of the power of social media integration, the future of HTML5, and follow the current trends in web-use that is why all of our websites are fully responsive and adjusted for mobile devices and tablets.VSM Studio is a design and visual communication studio based in Hamburg. We love to craft identities that make brands leading-edge, sustainable and valuable. We do this by working closely with our clients to create relevant, tailored design solutions. And we constantly strive to surpass expectation – no matter the scale of the project.

Just as every company is different, every assignment calls for a unique set of objectives. Whether working with a startup just breaking ground or an established, international brand, we tailor our process to each client individually. * We build successful relationships through partnership and collaboration. And we spend time with our clients, listening carefully to ensure that we fully understand their objectives and audience. We are constantly seeking differentiation, regardless of the assignment at hand. Our brand identity development process follows the same principles whether we’re creating a new identity or evolving an existing one.

We merge powerful visuals and top-notch production to craft meaningful and captivating brand experiences. Whether creating a web experience, designing retail packaging or conceiving a wayfinding system, we always apply the same set of visual and tonal principles to guarantee a brand experience that is both complete and compelling.

We create our work to serve multiple applications – physical, digital and spatial. Our highest priority is providing impeccable production and execution, and we value clients who understand the importance of investing in both.We are a creative studio concentrating on corporate design, editorial design and digital product design.We Are Fellows designs and builds visual and interactive systems. We provide creative direction and design services with a strategic perspective. Our work emphasizes efficiency, visual precision and technical excellence.no-descriptionStudio So is a Branding and Design Studio founded in 2014 by Viola Vogel and Pascal Botlik. We create identities, design printed products and realize websites. Our approach is methodical, quickly generating tangible results. In our work we combine know-how and experience with curiosity, creativity and solid craftsmanship. In us you will find a loyal and a critical partner. We make your goal our own, but [also] consider the view of your clients. This usually leads to different solutions — to better ones.Studio Storz is a Leipzig / Berlin based graphic design studio, founded by Pascal Storz, with a strong focus on visual identity, editorial and book design. The studio was established as a distinctly collaborative practice and is part of Spector Bureau—a collective of designers, artists and publishers.
         The close collaboration with other players in the field of art and culture—be it artists, editors, curators or institutions—is a central aspect of our design practice. We understand our role as designers as one that spans across the fields of author and translator, researcher and engineer, craftsman and communicator.Lamm & Kirch is a graphic design studio focusing on the creation of books, visual identitys, and exhibitions in the broad field of the cultural sector. We mostly do printed matter. Our approach is defined by continuous cooperations in shifting constellations. We like the old and the new, the obvious and the hidden. The studio functions as a research facility to explore various ways of visual language. Our idea of working is defined by working “with” instead of “for” somebody.
 
Our work has been latestly awarded at the International Poster Festival, Chaumont and with the most beautiful swiss books. We have also been awarded with 100 beste Plakate in 2008, 2009, and 2012. In 2008 we have been awarded with Schönste deutsche Bücher and in 2010 with the Walter-Tiemann-Price. In 2014 we have been shortlisted at the Walter-Tiemann-Price.Happy Little Accidents is a graphic design studio based in Leipzig, Germany. We focus on the development of visual identities, typo­graphic works and individual websites for companies, pub­lishers as well as cultural and scientific institutions.

Based upon the given content and together with our clients, we develop a conceptional base. From that we work out the final form with reference to the specific context. Within this process, we define a flexible system that enables us to react dynamically to complex projects. We pursue a clear, independent and demanding design which makes use of both subtle and bold styles.Spector’s publishing practice is settled squarely in the intersection of art, theory, and design. Based in Leipzig Germany, our publishing house explores the possibilities offered by an active exchange between all parties involved in the book production process: artists, authors, book designers, lithographers, printers and bookbinders. The book as medium is turned into a stage, a site of encounter for productive exchange. Finding innovative approaches to the medium today calls for a well considered interplay between the content, design, and materiality of a book.Stick Up Studio is a design studio based in Mainz, Germany. We offer a range of services including Photography, Publication Design, Branding and Identity.

The studio's work has been nominated for the Newcomer Award 2014 by the German Design Council (Rat für Formgebung).With a distinct focus on holistic solutions, branding and corporate design as well as editorial and online performances, Deutsche & Japaner sets a high value on sustainable experiences.

Passionate about detail, independent of any physical condition, the studio offers expertise in various disciplines, including interior design and scenography as well as conceptual creation, art direction and strategic brand escort.C100 is multidisciplinary creative studio founded in 2003 by Christian Hundertmark. Our diverse output includes works for both global brands, small businesses and private projects. Specialised in delivering inventive and precise visual solutions we approach each project with enthusiasm, dedicated hands and an individual style which is evident in our works.
Over the years C100’s work was published in many books and magazines. In 2008 French publishing house Pyramyd released an edition in their ‘Design & Designers’ book series. From 2007-2011 C100 was European correspondent for Hong Kong based IdN design magazine.
Founder Christian Hundertmark is also author of the books “The Art of Rebellion I, II and III” which sold over 80.000 copies worldwide and have a high reputation in the worldwide urban art scene. He held lectures / workshops at i.e. Miami Ad School, McKinsey + Company and the Volvo Sports Design Award and Roland Berger Strategy Consultants.
C100 is based in Munich, Germany.Herburg Weiland was founded by Tom Ising, Martin Fengel and Judith Grubinger in 2000. Since then we have specialised in consulting as well as the relaunch and redesign of magazines, newspapers, books and customer publications.

In the process of looking for interdisciplinary solutions at the interface of art, advertising and design we would like to serve as ambassadors. As an agency, we embrace two objectives: On the one hand we can accept and understand the demands and requirements of our costumers and therefore find successful solutions while remaining impartial and authentic. On the other hand we are equally professional and impartial in representing the means (image and text elements) of promoting and implementing our customer's requests.

We are convinced that only an agency which succeeds in combining the interests of its customers with prevailing artistic and aesthetic standards can produce comprehensible, high-quality design and advertisement. This is why we co-operate closely with a variety of artists, illustrators, photographers, writers, journalists, architects, web designers and other specialists.

We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.Moby Digg is a Munich based design bureau working in the fields of curation, culture and commerce.

As part of a collaborative practice, Korbinian Lenzer & Maximilian Heitsch founded Moby Digg originally in Buenos Aires. Since 2012, it is operating out of its German studio, engaging in versatile conceptual and visual projects. Its tasks range from events, communication, creative coding and visual identities, including the creation of poster and digital design, as well as complete web presences or mobile experiences – always focusing on a strong attitude towards design and the integration of interaction.

Aside commissioned work, Moby Digg has taken huge effort in realizing numerous cultural events such as the annual AABER AWARD or the Panama Plus Festival. Both have attracted several thousands of visitors and serve as an international platform for young artists and curators. Although the bureau has specialized in the digital realm, it consistently manufactures visual experiences along all forms of design.We are a design studio specialising in integrated Communication, Art Direction and Digital development. Combining classic design principles with the power of new technologies, we create engaging, contemporary and relevant solutions.Stegmeyer Fischer is a creative studio founded by Daniel Stegmeyer and Daniel Fischer located in Stuttgart. The studio is focusing on strategy, identity, communication and design. We operate as a small unit and collaborate with carefully chosen colleagues and partners—depending on the projects requirements.

The members of the team have worked alongside notable agencies and an international range of commercial clients such as BMW, Porsche, Bosch, Ernst&Young and Die Zeit. With a multidisciplinary design background we offer our services to communications agencies and companies ranging from cultural to commercial institutions. We attach great importance to independent approaches and holistic solutions: helping young businesses to form unique brands and bringing established companies one step further.Lloyd and Associates is a creative agency operating at the borderlands of experiential marketing, visual communication, luxury goods branding and premier publishing solutions. Founded by Kimberly Lloyd, the studio is a cross-pollination of merging disciplines driven by alternative perspectives and dynamic grids of interpretation that serve to catalyze exceptional time-honored design practices.
With a cumulative repertoire spanning product development, commercial conceptualization, art curation, exhibition and environmental design, Lloyd and Associates is a vanguard in
award-winning portfolios for international businesses and brands.Pi6 is an Athens based communication design agency, founded in 2004 by Rena Chrysikopoulou and Michael David Ochs, two ardent design visionaries. Coming from a multicultural background, our team is fully perceptive of the cultural differences in communication and the sociocultural responsibility of design. We work collaboratively with experts in Greece and Germany developing useful, compelling and engaging experiences across all design disciplines, helping our clients reach different segment markets both in Greece and abroad. Our services range from traditional graphic design disciplines such as editorial design, book design, poster design, corporate design, branding, packaging design, exhibition design, wayfinding and signage design, website and multimedia design to customized design consultation. We believe that great design is not just about communicating a message. It is about exploration and careful analysis of the values and the emotions that relate to a brand and the discovery of the methods that will enable it to come into being and more importantly, prosper. 

Our work at pi6 has been awarded by the most prestigious design competitions and poster biennales and has been published in the national and international media. Michael is Associate Professor and Graphic Design program coordinator at Deree – The American College of Greece, while both Rena and Michael have led various design workshops, been members of judging committees and taken part in numerous design exhibitions. Furthermore, they are co-founders and co-organisers of the biannual Design Walk exhibition in Athens.we are de_form 

eniko deri and nora demeczky 

budapest based graphic designers.

"the most important for both of us is to give meaning to all the things we do. instead of working with empty visual answers we always try to have clear and strong concepts with an emotional twist. this is how we manage to create pure design solutions with an intuitive approach." 

eniko deri and nora demeczky are hungarian graphic designers and owners of the budapest-based studio de_form. they graduated from moholy-nagy university of art and design in 2014. they are well-known throughout the design community for their striking solutions in the fields of art direction, branding, and editorial design.Studio Temp is a design studio founded in 2007 in the city of Bergamo by Guido Gregorio Daminelli, Fausto Giliberti and Marco Fasolini. Studio Temp works on printed media, art direction, visual identity and web design. *
Guido, Fausto and Marco met as teenagers, and haven’t stopped working together ever since. Studio Temp works on printed media, art direction, visual identity and web design.
Scope of work starts from a first consultancy, set to establish clever forms of design that can range from art direction, to visual identity, down to website and exhibition design.
Working both internationally and locally, with individuals, brands and institutions, on projects that often vary in scale and complexity, Studio Temp’s main goal is to establish long-term relationships with its clients and partners. And help them build a solid, design-driven strategy.
Fausto and Marco have a strong, ongoing relationship with Mousse Publishing, being at the core of its design team, working internationally with some of the greatest contemporary art institutions, from artists to curators to museums. Guido is the head of the web department, developing tailored and progressive designs, as well as programming intelligent, responsive platforms.Studio Mut is a graphic design studio founded by Thomas Kronbichler and Martin Kerschbaumer, based in Bolzano, Italy. We specialise in identity, print, editorial and web design for clients spanning art, culture and commerce. We seek for simple and powerful solutions, bold aesthetics and surprising outputs across all platforms. Our work has been described as both playful and serious, and we strive to keep the balance.Atto is a design consultancy based in Milan, directed by Sara Bianchi and Andrea Zambardi who decided to found an independent studio after gaining experience working several years with different studios (Studio Bianca, Alizarina, Zetalab). Atto works on a wide range of projects: brand identity, editorial, illustration, motion graphics and web design, carefully curating every detail and guiding our clients through each step of the process.	

Atto believes in the value of teaching. We collaborate with schools in the education of young designers (Politecnico di Milano, Istituto Europeo di Design) and we develop workshops for children to give them a glimpse into the graphic design profession.Studio Blanco is a creative consultancy that helps brands flourish in the high end and luxury market * With a solid record in the field of corporate and institutional communication, the studio creates and produces integrated campaigns that convey clear and beautiful messages across all media platforms.

Studio Blanco calls upon an international network of professionals and artists to execute its visions, according to each client’s personality and specific needs. Over the years, Blanco has also curated internationally acclaimed art projects, including festivals, exhibitions and editions, in the strong belief that brands and culture must team up in tomorrow’s society.

Since September 2013, the studio is in charge of the art direction of Living, the interior and lifestyle magazine of Corriere della Sera, Italy’s largest newspaper by circulation.

Founded by Sara and Valerio Tamagnini, Studio Blanco is based in Reggio Emilia, Italy.Think Work Observe is a graphic design studio based in Udine (Italy), founded in December 2011 by Piero Di Biase and Alberto Moreu.

We work on commissioned projects in the commercial, cultural and editorial field covering all areas of print and interactive design, with a strong focus on typography, including design and distribution of a range of typefaces. Our fonts have been used by several designers around the world, and are featured in well known publications and blogs.Tankboys is a Venice-based independent design studio founded by Lorenzo Mason and Marco Campardo, in 2005. Tankboys Studio is specialised in art direction, research, print, identity and editorial projects. In addition to that, Tankboys Studio gives lectures, holds workshops and runs a publishing house, called Automatic Books.
All projects are treated with a conceptual approach and particular attention to contents, which result in a tailored language, expressed by a connotative use of typography. Tankboys studio’s practice is based on a artisan and multi-skills approach to complex projects, which involve the use of a network of trusted collaborators, such as curators, editors, artists, writers, photographers and architects.Zero-G is a brand strategy and design agency based in Dublin, Ireland. We partner with organisations and enterprises from around the world to help them change, connect, innovate and grow. We are optimists who believe there is always the possibility of making things better.At aad we’re interested in how things work, or more precisely, how they can work better. 

We look at all aspects of the projects we work on, the wider world they’re a part of and the role they play in people’s lives. Our approach is constructive, creative and proactive, building on strengths and outlining ideas and opportunities that are sustainable as well as engaging.

Working as a cross-disciplinary team with a holistic view of projects allows us to deliver clear, joined-up thinking and wide ranging outcomes that function together as an easily understood whole. 

Instead of filling a role, we’re a studio that helps you establish direction, solve problems, and make sense of what you have and where you’re going.Post-internet neo-nu-metal sentient beings immersed in a sea of Left Eye’s polyphonic dreamsIt’s Okay is the design practice of Shauna Buckley and Simon Sweeney. We make identity systems, digital experiences, custom typefaces and printed matter. If you are interested in working with us, feel free to get in touch atFull service design and development agencyWe are a studio for design, research, and art, based in Amsterdam.editorial and graphic design for old and new media — books, websites, campaigns and graphic identities * we work on editorial and graphic design pro­jects with a strong bias towards concept and typo­graphy. as each new project pre­sents a 
new story, each new project demands a new representation. far from being a ‘jack of all trades’, our attitude demonstrates a per­sonal and thorough approach in visual communi­cation. no single design is the same. * we have found a mutual approach for the craft of design, while tying in on applied projects at the werkplaats typografie in arnhem. after grad­u­ating in 2000 we con­tinued our collabo­ration in amsterdam, supporting clients big and small, in both cultural and commercial fields.The Exercises is a Amsterdam-based graphic design studio.Harris Blondman is visual, communication, and studio. Founded by Harry Bloch and Joris Landman, our human scale company combines strong classic typography knowledge with high new media expertise. We design global solutions, identities, books, magazines, websites and apps, for local, national, and international clients.Richard Niessen (Edam-Volendam, 1972) graduated from the Gerrit Rietveld Academy in 1996. He is working on a body of work with an ever-growing vocabulary of (homemade) letters, sign systems and ornaments in non-linear graphical structures that invite the viewer to wander, to guess and (hopefully) find.
www.richard-niessen.nl

AND: Richard Niessen (1972) and Esther de Vries (1974) share a designstudio based in Amsterdam. They complement each other as individual designers and work together as a team on several projects including their series 1:1:1.

Esther de Vries (1974, The Hague) graduated from the Gerrit Rietveld Academy in 1998. Esther is specialised in bookdesign, preferably in close collaboration with artists, designers, curators and publishers. Through her meticulous working method, which consists of constantly reviewing and questioning the project at hand, she presents its content in a way that reinforces its diversity and richness, rather than simplifying it.We are an Amsterdam based interactive design studio researching the social effects of technology. * 
With Moniker, which means nickname or pseudonym, we work on commissioned design projects while also investing in projects of an autonomous and experimental nature.
The studio works across various media for a diverse range of clients ranging from those in the cultural field to commercial companies. With our projects, we explore the social effects of technology - how we use technology and how it influences our daily lives. Often, we ask the public to take part in the development of our projects. The resulting projects expand and grow like plants, displaying their inner organisational process.
Moniker specialises in interactive, print, video, physical installation and performance work.Experimental Jetset is a small, independent, Amsterdam-based graphic design studio, founded in 1997 by (and still consisting of) Marieke Stolk, Erwin Brinkers and Danny van den Dungen. Focusing on printed matter and site-specific installations, and describing their methodology as “turning language into objects”, Experimental Jetset have worked on projects for a wide variety of institutes. Their work has been featured in group exhibitions such as ‘Graphic Design: Now in Production’ (Walker Art Center, 2011) and ‘Ecstatic Alphabets / Heaps of Language’ (MoMA, 2012). Solo exhibitions include ‘Kelly 1:1’ (Casco Projects, Utrecht, 2002) and ‘Two or Three Things I Know About Provo’ (W139, Amsterdam, 2011). In 2007, a large selection of work by Experimental Jetset was acquired by the Museum of Modern Art in New York, for inclusion in the MoMA’s permanent collection.
Members of Experimental Jetset have been teaching at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie (2000–2014), and are currently teaching at Werkplaats Typografie (2013–now).Mainstudio is an Amsterdam based graphic design studio, founded by Edwin van Gelder in 2005. The studio creates projects deriving from the intersection of art, architecture and fashion–including publications, digital media, and visual identities. Each is characterized by a content driven editorial approach, led by typography, to create a synthesis of form and content. The studio embeds inventive printing techniques in its traditional media, and explores innovative interaction design in its digital output, while a typographic approach forms the studio's essential foundation.Glamcult Studio is an Amsterdam-based creative agency, founded by Rogier Vlaming and Marline Bakker. We develop concepts, strategies and campaigns, constructing truthful stories with a strong emphasis on graphic design, typography, fashion and lifestyle.

Although Glamcult Studio and Glamcult Independent Style Paper function as two distinct entities, they are yet inseparable from each other. Publishing a magazine on the frontlines of avant-garde culture has entrusted us with 10 years of knowledge concerning trends, markets, target audiences and the way in which they relate to each other.

We have developed a lasting relationship with our creative demographic, allowing Glamcult Studio to become a platform for various art disciplines, as well as a growing source of young talent.

Since being established, Glamcult Studio has placed much value on art direction and graphic design. At present, these strengths are frequently used in a strategy-related context, providing solutions to questions concerning branding and image while bridging the gap between our clients and their clientele.At the official opening of their own studio in April 2011, partners Sacha van den Haak and Floris Schrama from Kok Pistolet were awarded De Gulden Snede (the Golden Ratio). They received the trophy, which evokes associations with the female anatomy (de gulden snede in Dutch can also be translated as ‘the golden slit’), from Gert Dumbar ‘for 0 years of fantastic work’. The publicity stunt worked superbly -it is still going strong on their own website- and is primarily illustrative of the young designers’ cheerful nature.

The two got to know each other during their studies at the Royal Academy of Art in The Hague, where they already worked together on multiple projects. After they graduated, they worked for a while at Studio Dumbar, where one of their projects was devising printed material, videos and theatrical spectacles for the presentation of the Dutch Design Awards.

Kok Pistolet’s work has an entirely individual signature and represents a clear break with what the designers created at Studio Dumbar. ‘It’s as if the children have left the parental home and are now having fun finding their own way’, as one of the jury members put it. The identities and posters they make for cultural organizations are charmingly playful and free, and at the same time quite clever and well thought-out.

‘Funny, clever, a bit grubby, briljant’, the jury concluded.Open Studio is an office for graphic design and typography, 
founded by Mark Niemeijer. Based in the Netherlands. * we strive to make meaningful work. For our clients, for ourselves and for society. We work on commissioned and self initiated design projects.

We value a deep understanding of our clients and their needs. Together with them we create thoughtful design solutions across multiple platforms. Our visual language is supported
by a process of thorough research, strategy development, experimentation and evaluationThe work of Raw Color reflects a sophisticated treatment of material and colour by mixing the fields of graphic design and photography. This is embodied through research and experiments, building their visual language. Daniera ter Haar & Christoph Brach work on self initiated and commissioned projects in their Eindhoven based studio.STUDIO DUMBAR IS AN INTERNATIONAL AGENCY WITH A DUTCH HERITAGE.

Design is at the heart of what we do. We describe our work as ‘visual branding, online branding’, meaning we create every visible expression of a brand or organization — offline and online. This involves expertise in strategy, communication, branding and process-management.

It is in our nature to look for the pure essence — in the people we work with, and the projects we take on. It’s a mentality that helps us to build a great team and achieve extraordinary results, no matter how complex or demanding a project might be.Atelier Carvalho Bernau is a design studio based in The Hague, the Netherlands, established in 2005 by Susana Carvalho and Kai Bernau. The studio mainly works for the culture and publishing fields, both locally and internationally.

The studio keeps a small structure, which allows it to work closely with clients while maintaining a flexible and rich structure of collaborators who work with us whenever the job requires: mainly programers, editors, photographers. Susana and Kai manage their time between commissioned projects, teaching and self-initiated projects. Atelier Carvalho Bernau’s focus is on reading experiences across traditional, current and future media – from typefaces to user experience.

To that end, the studio develops book and editorial design, typography, typeface design, web and interaction design, concept development and content strategy and research.

The studio sees any assignment as an opportunity to question the state and understanding of design: each project is a tight-rope walk between applied realism and free-form research.

We give form to meaning. Content is as important as form, and we don’t mind design that is invisible every once in a while, and lets things speak for themselves.Eriksen / Brown is a design studio based in Oslo. Founded in 2010 by Ian Brown (US/NO), and Linn Eriksen (NO), after many years of collaboration in Amsterdam.
      The studio is small, and always works in direct conversation with clients and collaborators. In certain projects, the studio is also involved in editorial aspects. 
      Both Linn and Ian studied graphic design in New York; at the School of Visual Arts and Pratt Institute, respectively. They continued their studies in Amsterdam at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie.Snøhetta is a place that nobody is from, but anyone can go to.

Snøhetta (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈsnøːˌhɛtɑ]) began as a collaborative architectural and landscape workshop, and has remained true to its trans-disciplinary way of thinking since its inception.

Our work strives to enhance our sense of place, identity and relationship to others and the physical spaces we inhabit, whether feral or human-made. Museums, markets, reindeer observatories, landscapes and dollhouses get the same care and attention to purpose. Today, Snøhetta has grown to become an internationally renowned practice of architecture, landscape architecture, interior architecture, and brand design, with more than 180 employees from 30 different nations.a graphic design studio working in communication, conceptual and growing experiences.Colönia is an emergent Design Studio based in Porto, Portugal, focused on art direction, branding escort and communication design.

Colönia's work favors an ideas-led approach and the development of strategic creative thinking whether in cultural or business environments.

Working in photography, video, web and print, Colönia's work for fashion, art and commerce conveys a unique perspective to its clients´ brands.

Parallel to client's commissions, the studio develops self-initiated work to speculate on possible futures and experiment with narrative proposals from the fields of critical design and design fiction.Good , yes, we are royal. The Royal Studio is a design vortex. It has deep and strategical approach to the design wonders. The Royal is anxious. Methodic. Scientific. Moves fast and creates value. The Royal has fun, knows not how to be funny and plays OCD like a monkey on metabolic steroids with a passion for reason. Contextual. Playful. Loyal to culture. Royal to business.We’re an art direction and graphic design studio based in Barcelona with a focus on identity and user experience.Founded in 2014, Koln Studio fronts every type of project, seeking unique solutions for every customer and working hand in hand. We work for institutions, businesses and private customers in projects on different scales. Our aim is to offer global and lasting outcomes, working from the initial idea up to the final production, looking for original and solid concepts that provide a design strategy and enrichment.Atlas is a brand and design consultancy working from offices in New York and Mallorca. We deliver creative thinking and world-class design across a wide range
of disciplines for clients far and wide, big and small.

We believe in the transformative power of ideas
to generate business success. * We are currently a team of 18. Our clients work directly with one of the partners and their autonomous teams of designers and studio managers. This allows us to overview every project with passion and personal involvement.

We deliver experiences through finely crafted ideas and flawless execution. Our goal is to create timeless and meaningful design solutions with real purpose and value.
Not just work that looks great.

We imagine a better world through design. We have the courage, the passion and the imagination to turn ideas into action, and the skills to make it happen. We are driven by insatiable curiosity, relentless experimentation and a childlike sense of wonder and delight.Launching our own award-winning products and businesses has given us the experience and insight to help our clients transform their digital offering.

We’ve built new businesses, including ustwo Games, Wayfindr and DICE, alongside joint ventures like PAUSE, Moodnotes and Twiik.

Working in this way means we can offer the skills and understanding that come only from real-world experience across the full product lifecycle – from discovery, proposition validation and scaling to full-scale product design and delivery.

Our partners include Google, Sky, Ford, Hasbro, Barclays, Adidas and Foursquare. Together, we solve the big challenges with the right products.

Our work has set standards, won awards and been used by tens of millions of people all over the world. We work in partnership with our clients to develop propositions that keep the customer at the heart of product strategy. We help to invent, prototype, build and launch new products that meet customers’ needs in fast-changing markets.VARV VARV is a design studio, a publishing project and an occasional book shop based in London and Malmö.Museum Studio is a design consultancy based in Stockholm specializing in Art Direction, Graphic Design & Image-making.Studio SM is a graphic design duo living and working in Stockholm. The duo consists of Sara Kaaman and Martin Falck. Studio SM do commissioned as well as self-initiated work. Our self-initiated projects usually revolve around collaborations and popular culture.We make things for the www. We value our thoughts on the in-betweens of design and technology as much as we do our craft. KOD and FORM is our craft; & the ideas in-between.Huber/Sterzinger is a collaborative design practice based in Zurich, Switzerlandno-descriptionWe are Badesaison; a graphic design studio from Zurich, Switzerland, founded 2014 by Lukas Ackermann, Andreas Spörri and Boris Stoll. In close collaboration with our clients, we develop customised, individualised and unexpected solutions. We design classic printed products, such as books, publications, posters and visual identities, as well as interactive and digital web-based applications. Thanks to our extensive network of experts (photographers, illustrators, programmers etc.) we are flexible and open for all kinds of collaborations and challenges. So please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions, proposals or wishes!Schaffter Sahli is a graphic design studio based in Geneva. The studio specialises in creating visual identity structures which facilitate communication through design strategies. The studio works with a wide range of clients from cultural institutions – both public and private – all the way through the spectrum to industrial and other commercial sectors. By relating to the ambitions of our clients and associates the studio is able to achieve a level of design where the form of message and its communicative content intertwine tightly.Futur Neue is an independent, Geneva-based, graphic design and research design studio, founded by Constance Delamadeleine, Alex Dujet and Sébastien Mathys. The Studio covers works in all areas of print and interactive design. We make editorial design, brand identities, websites, research design, signage and typefaces for cultural institutions, businesses and individuals.Founded in 2011 in Lausanne (Switzerland), A3 Studio consists of a graphic designer, Yvo Hählen and a visual communication designer, Priscilla Balmer. Producing an interesting mix of illustration, graphic design and typography, the duo pays special attention to the quality of its prints.

Over the years, the graphic studio has surrounded itself with a large network of partners and craftsmen. Printers, silk-screen printers, designers, photographers, web designers and motion designers enable A3 Studio to broaden its range of services.

Since its creation, the studio has seen its work regularly rewarded in Switzerland and abroad. While the poster Portes Ouvertes de la Cité has been selected among the « 100 Beste Plakate », the Design Days one was showcased in China – in Shanghai, Shenzen and DaLian – as part of the « 100 typographic posters ».

In parallel to graphic design, A3 Studio also develops an artistic production.no-descriptionAfrika is a design studio founded by Florian Jakober and Michael Zehnder.
Working on commissioned projects for Swiss and international clients, we provide graphic design services for application in print, screen and space. Within this, our specialist focus lies on visual identities and type design.

Our clients are artists, designers, curators, publishers, musicians, entrepreneurs and scientists. Many of them are long time collaborators. Design approaches and co-operations therefore often thrive and evolve over several years of continued partnership and synergetic efforts.

Practice
We are design engineers. Both analogue production processes and software driven procedures define our thinking and lead us to innovative solutions. Science and history form the foundation upon which we build our practice, linking up existing concepts and technologies with novel ideas and approaches.

After studying Visual Communication together at the Zurich University of the Arts, we gained valuable work experience at international design studios in England, Switzerland, the Netherlands and Denmark.

We are part of a forward thinking international design community that engages in a vivid design discourse and exchange of ideas. We also regularly share our knowledge with design students through workshops and lectures.An Endless Supply is a graphic design studio based in Birmingham, UK, founded in 2011 by Harry Blackett and Robin Kirkham. We work as designers with artists, not-for-profit and commercial organisations, producing identities, printed matter and design for the web.YES is an art direction, design and technology studio founded in 2004. We are based in London and work with a global client list within the areas of culture and commerce.Founded in 2008 by Oliver Knight & Rory McGrath, the studio is a collaborative practice engaged in ongoing partnerships with artists, curators, editors, architects, designers and institutions.

Recent commissions include the exhibition design and campaign for Fear and Love (Design Museum), visual identities for Manus × Machina (The Met, New York), the British Pavilion in Venice, and Under the Same Sun (Guggenheim, New York) as well as book projects with artists Fos and Shezad Dawood. Our ongoing collaboration with the REAL Foundation continues with the creative direction of REAL Review now in its second issue. Between 2011–15 the studio was responsible for the visual identity and creative direction of the Strelka Institute.

For us, design is a conversation. Our art direction aims to engage clients and collaborators in a process that not only communicates who they are but clarifies what they are. Whether it’s a book or a visual identity, our designs seek to reflect a set of core values. This way of working often leads to ongoing relationships that track the evolution of a brand or body of work.United Visual Artists (UVA) is a London based creative practice founded in 2003. UVA’s artworks range from small-scale, wall-based pieces to large-scale sculptural installations for cultural institutions and public spaces.
UVA’s lines of enquiry include the tension between real and synthesised experiences - the questioning of our relationship with technology, and the creation of phenomena that transcend the purely physical.no-descriptionEuropa is a graphic design company based in London and run by Mia Frostner and Robert Sollis, both graduates of the Royal College of Art. Gareth Lindsay joined the studio in 2013 and Lauren Budestschu in 2015. We create graphic identities, books and publications, exhibition design, signage, art direction, editorial design and websites. Alongside our studio practice we run the second year of the BA Graphic Design course at Camberwell College of Arts.BKKR is a London design studio. We work closely with our clients to translate ambition into distinctive brand design across digital, print and physical environments.ARPA is a graphic design and art direction agency run by Jasmine Raznahan. The studio works with a broad range of clients within the fashion and cultural sectors across print, digital and three dimension creating campaigns, identities, packaging, lookbooks, publications and websites. ARPA also produces Noon, an art and fashion magazine published twice a year.Our Place is an independent graphic design studio based in London founded by Ted Heffernan and Alex Gross, built on the foundation of our mutual love of simplicity within contemporary design.

We are an innovative studio that works in close collaboration with our clients, building strong lasting relationships and delivering a fully considered outcome. Perfection of finish and honest design further strengthens that relationship. We have an extensive knowledge of all aspects of printed matter and digital design.  We specialise in branding, typographic, editorial and digital projects that always look to push the boundaries of current design.  Our trusted network of creative professionals ensures a complete solution to our clients' needs.

Ultimately we want you to feel at home when you work with us, so that it’s as much your place as it is ours.12 is a London-based multidisciplinary design studio. Our design methodology has strong foundations in research and analysis, with an emphasis on typography. Twelve offers design and development services including print, identity, exhibition and digital applications.Zak Group is a London-based office with an international reputation for creating design and art direction for cultural and commercial clients. Through our work with arts organisations, museums, businesses and leaders from various fields, Zak Group has emerged as one of the most progressive studios practicing today. Recent commissions include the art direction of the Chicago Architecture Biennial and the rebranding of Paco Rabanne; websites for the Royal College of Art, Design Interactions and the Czech Pavillion at the Venice Biennale; ongoing collaboration with the Astrup Fearnley Museet and book design for LUMA Foundation, JRP|Ringier, Sternberg Press and the Barbican Centre.
 
Directed by Zak Kyes and Grégory Ambos, the office was formed in 2005 as a collaborative practice to explore the possibilities for design in the production of culture. We work internationally and locally with individuals and institutions on projects varying in scale and complexity. The scope of our work often includes a consultancy to establish intelligent forms of design that range from art direction, visual identity and signage to website and exhibition design.
 
Zak Group is increasingly sought out by museum directors, curators, architects and artists as a committed collaborative partner. Our approach is invested in a deep understanding of our client, the objectives behind a commission and clear dialogue, which often results in long-term relationships. Clients and partners value our work for its contribution towards the design-thinking behind a project, and our ideas have played a role in more broadly defining a strategic vision.Fraser Muggeridge studio is a graphic design company based in London.
Throughout a wide range of formats, from artists’ books and exhibition catalogues to posters, marketing material, exhibitions and websites, the studio prioritises artists’ and writers’ content over the imposition of a signature style. By allowing images and texts to sustain their own intent and impact, each project is approached with colour, typography and materials playing a key role in arriving at a sympathetic yet subtly alluring object.
Fraser Muggeridge founded and is a tutor at Typography Summer School, a week-long programme of typographic study in London for recent graduates and professionals.
The World’s Largest Enlarged Letter is a project initated by Fraser Muggeridge in 2014 to set the world record for the largest enlarged letter made using a photocopier and A4 sheets of paper. The record has been broken four times and is currently held by Tom Craner-Buckley at 32,000pt.
There are 6 rules which must be followed for the record to be officially recognised. (1) Name of font and size of letter at start and finish. (2) Only a photocopier to be used. (3) Enlargements are started (and made) from A4 paper. (4) Each stage is an enlargement of 200% using A4 paper. (5) Name/s, date and place recorded. (6) All stages are documented and submitted for official adjudication. For enquires and new world record submissions contact worldslargestenlargedletter@pleasedonotbend.co.ukArt direction, design, illustration, web development, copywriting and consulting services

Since 2009Founded in 1999 by Anouk Pennel and Raphaël Daudelin, Feed is an independent graphic design studio located in Montreal. Specializing in the creation of brand identities, book design and font design, it is a flexible team of five designers, who can carry out several mandates of different sizes. After becoming known through his work with cultural organizations, Feed works today with small businesses and government institutions as well as with large corporations in a variety of industries. His work, which is distinguished by a direct approach, has been hailed by numerous awards and awards, has been the subject of various conferences and exhibitions, and has been published internationally.We are an international branding, architecture and software development firm with offices in Monterrey and Mexico City. Our clients include companies from varied industries in countries all around the world. 

Besides our history and experience with brand development, we are also experts in the design and development of objects, spaces, software and multimedia projects. 

We create the perfect balance between a design boutique and a business consultancy, from focusing on the development of creative pieces with the upmost attention to details, to providing perfect solutions based on the analysis of tangible data. 

Our services reach all of the branding spectrum, from strategic brand consulting, to logotype, naming, peripherals and captivating illustration design, through architecture & interior design projects, and business based solutions around custom developed software. 

Since our creation we decided to break the traditional creative agency scheme, integrating multidisciplinary teams of creative and business experts. 

A well managed and positioned brand represents a powerful asset for the company's total 
value. It's a sales tool and a client loyalty promoter. 

We love new challenges and address them accordingly with an experienced team of collaborators focused on adding value to all of our projects.Founded in 2006 by Rodrigo Tovar, Sociedad Anónima is a graphic design and visual communications studio based in Mexico City. Work by SA includes graphic identity projects, branding, editorial design, communication and art direction.
SA focuses on strategically developing creative solutions, bringing innovation and conceptual value to each of our projects. Our studio's aim is to develop projects without formulas or conventions, as we believe in the value of the unexpected and innovative. Belonging mostly to the world of trends and culture, our processes inherently requires reflection and a constant search around the originality and impact of our offer.
The home team is essentially formed by graphic designers and art directors, but our ongoing collaboration with architects, industrial designers, animators, programmers, musicians, publishers and artists, encourages us to question our work on a daily basis and constantly reinvent ourselves.Founded in 2008, Vander Brand is an award-winning, full-service creative agency based in Toronto. Our dynamic approach to design goes beyond the expected in developing turnkey strategies, holistic brand identities and interactive solutions.Fuzzco is a point-of-view. Curiosity, playfulness and a can-do attitude combined with a dedication to making things better. We make things we want to use.Practise is a Providence-based design studio working with clients and collaborators on projects in the academic, architectural, civic, cultural, and publishing fields across Asia, Australasia, Europe, and North America.

Founded in London in 1999 by James Goggin and Shan James upon JG’s graduation from the Royal College of Art, Practise’s work includes the design of identity systems, publications, campaigns, websites, posters, type, exhibitions, signage and wayfinding as well as providing content strategy. JG and SJ have built the studio in collaboration with design assistants, interns, and an extensive network of independent designers, editors, writers, web developers, videographers, printers, and binders.Thirst is a communication design practice based in Chicago. We work with the design, cultural, and civic communities.

As designers we cultivate conversations. We engage in a process of discovery and experimentation, focusing on concept, craft, and artful investigation. Our work lives at the threshold between art and science, resulting in keepsake artifacts and unique experiences.

Thirst believes design is integral to the human condition. It is ubiquitous, nourishing and transformative. Design allows us to connect with one another and compels us to slow down and pay attention.Design. Branding. Marketing. Communications. Whatever you want to call it, it all boils down to one simple thought: how do we connect with people? In a world where we’re subjected to thousands of brands shouting at us everyday, we believe that trying to shout louder is pointless. In fact, at Lemon Yellow we believe in doing the exact opposite. We believe that if brands are to prosper they need to stop behaving so much like brands and behave more like people: intelligent, thoughtful and, most importantly, respectful.Public-Library is a cross-disciplinary design studio in Los Angeles, California and Portland, Oregon. Founded in 2011 by Ramón Coronado and Marshall Rake as a space to build brands, develop concepts, and create content. Public-Library constructs identities, composes digital experiences, and form objects and spaces that translate thought and intent into meaningful solutions.Visual identities, websites, publications and other printed and digital matter for cultural and commercial clients.Conduit is a design and technology studio that creates stunning experiences for people and brands.

In between a message and an audience there needs to be a guide, an interpreter
— a conduit. Since 2001 we’ve worked with forward-looking brands to communicate their stories in new and meaningful ways. We approach each endeavor with empathy first, and our expertise across the physical and digital environment enables us to create design that is both practical and captivating.Novel is a graphic and web design studio dedicated to creating meaningful visual solutions that transform brands. Our projects are a culmination of research, instinct, and collaboration with the client. We work closely with clients to help them define, understand and express their own identity. We love collaborating with clients who seek distinctive design solutions for authentic products or services that support cultural, social, and environmental stewardship considerations.Studio MPLS is an independent, multidisciplinary design agency based in Minneapolis, Minnesota specializing in branding and packaging design. Since 2009, Studio MPLS has developed strategic and award-winning design work for some of the world’s largest and most influential brands including Amazon, Jack Daniel’s, Samsung, JCPenney, and Panda Express, among others. We firmly believe in the intrinsic value great design can bring to the world and practice this belief by partnering with clients large and small across a wide range of industries and sectors.We are a multidisciplinary design firm in New York City, working in all areas of print and interactive design.

Everything Studio is the annoyingly self-aggrandizing name of our company, but don’t let it put you off. We’re not implying that we can do everything or know everything. We are people who hold many uncertain and contradictory ideas about design. It is impossible for us to ever settle on a house style or methodology so our name is deliberately indeterminate.

Our logo is a Bucky Fuller geodesic dome, which for us represents uplifting Modernist optimism. Some people miss our reference and see it as a jungle gym — an even more joyous and apt allusion for a design practice.

Jessica Green and Tom Griffiths are the proprietors of Everything Studio. They first met at Pratt Institute in 2000 while studying graphic design. In 2004 Tom went on to receive an MFA at Yale while Jessica started a design company in New York. In 2007 they joined forces and began designing under the name Everything Studio.Sagmeister & Walsh is an NYC based design firm that creates brand identities, commercials, websites, apps, films, books and objects for clients, audiences and ourselves. We are a full service studio creating strategy and design across all platforms.Project Projects is an award-winning design studio specializing in work for art, architecture, education, and culture. Combining a conceptual and strategic approach with progressive modes of visual communication, the studio’s practice encompasses the full range of contemporary graphic media—from books, exhibitions, magazines, and printed materials, to branding, signage, events, and interactive applications. The studio’s work extends to editing and publishing books, curating exhibitions, and developing programs around a range of subjects. In recognition of its achievements, Project Projects was awarded the Cooper Hewitt’s 2015 National Design Award in Communication Design, the United States’ highest distinction in the field.

The studio’s client list ranges from museums and non-profit art spaces to publishers, architecture firms, universities and research organizations, fashion houses, private institutions, individual artists, and more. Selected clients include Art Institute of Chicago, Asia Art Archive, Bard College Center for Curatorial Studies, Berkeley Art Museum / Pacific Film Archive, Canadian Centre for Architecture, Diller Scofidio + Renfro, Guggenheim Museum, Harvard GSD, The Jewish Museum (New York), M+, Modern Media Group (Shanghai), The Museum of Modern Art, National Museum of China, National Park Service, New Museum, Para Site, Phaidon, Princeton Architectural Press, PYE, The Renaissance Society at the University of Chicago, RISD Museum, SALT (Istanbul), Seattle Art Fair, Van Alen Institute, Vera List Center for Art & Politics, Whitney Museum of American Art, WORKac, and the Yale University Art Gallery.Mogollon / (mo-go-yon) / Spanish slang word for Plenty or Abundance. Commonly used to signify “a lot,” e.g.,“I like you mogollon.”

Mogollon is a NYC-based creative consultancy and design studio known for their holistic approach at conceptualizing and producing work across the fields of design, film and art.

Founded in 2004 by Francisco Lopez and Monica Brand with the objective of joining talents to produce alluring imagery across virtually every platform.

Our services include: creative and design consultancy, art direction, branding, graphic design, typography, illustration, motion graphics, set design, web presence, video direction and production, title and credits sequence design and packaging design.

Recently Mogollon has been joined by Film Director Peifu Chen.Founded in 1994 by Michael Rock, Susan Sellers and Georgianna Stout, 2x4 is a global design consultancy headquartered in New York City with satellite studios in Beijing and Madrid. The focus of our work is brand strategy for cultural and commercial clients who value the power of design. We identify and clarify core institutional values and create innovative, experiential, participatory and visually-dynamic ways to engage key audiences worldwide. Our intellectual and creative conviction is that thoughtful design can make an essential contribution to every level of cultural discourse.RoAndCo is an award winning creative studio bringing thought, relevance and style to forward-thinking fashion, beauty, tech, and lifestyle brands. Founded in 2006 by Creative Director Roanne Adams, RoAndCo works intuitively to pinpoint the most essential, visceral quality with which to tell a brand’s story. We act as both a strategic and creative resource to our clients at every step of the process, aligning inspiration, business objectives and story-telling into powerful and clear experiences.Anti/Anti is a New York City
design & creative agency
specializing in branding.
We believe craft is everything: Ideas dominate, details matter and people can spot bullshit from a mile away.

Our role is to consider every implicit detail, decision & curve of a brand. With that insight, we help companies decrypt and build their brand trajectory with advertisements, apps, events, films, products & integrated campaigns.
 
The studio’s work has been featured in group exhibitions such as ‘Image of the Studio: a Portrait of New York City Graphic Design’ (41 Cooper Gallery @ Cooper Union) and included in international publications such as ‘Los Logos Compass’ (Gestalten) and ‘Relogo: Re-designing the brand’ (Sandu). Various members of Anti/Anti teach at the School of Visual Arts.Founded in 2009 without a particular focus, we explore simple observations of things that interest us, using art, architecture, and graphic design to initiate and work with others on ideasStudio Lin is a graphic design practice in New York City. We create books, identities and websites for local and international clients. Our work applies a visual language that is thoroughly researched yet easily assimilated. Our transparent work process, and the fact that many of our clients are engaged with art and design, often means that projects are more collaborative than commissioned.
        Alex Lin founded Studio Lin in 2009, after spending six years at the design firm 2x4. He holds an MFA in graphic design from Yale University. Jena Myung joined Studio Lin in 2016, she holds a BFA in graphic design from the Art Center College of Design.COMMON NAME is a New York-based graphic design studio focusing on print, interactive, identity, and exhibition work for art, architecture, culture, and education.Linked by Air is an internationally renowned graphic design studio specializing in the creation of design systems and technological platforms that grow with institutions. The studio works with major cultural and educational organizations, charities, artists, architects and corporations. It frequently stewards its clients’ flagship websites and apps, and leads the development of organization-wide digital strategies. The studio sometimes describes its expertise as the “production of public space,” whether in the world or online. Its interest is in creating systems that work for all their constituents, and that show their health by evolving successfully over time.We believe in the power of a successful brand to tell a story, engage an audience, and mobilize people through an idea and towards a goal.

Apartment One is an award-winning strategic and creative agency with over 30 years of collective experience working intimately with leading companies and organizations to give voice to the truth, presence, and power of their brands.

Our team’s diverse and time-tested expertise enables Apartment One to deliver solutions that reflect a rare synthesis of strategic, creative, and operational thinking, resulting in higher engagement, faster growth, and proven success. We find strength in creative partnerships, exhilaration at the birth of a new venture, and passion in the service of a greater good.Franklyn is the creative studio you’ve been searching for all your life.
Bringing a boutique approach to innovative global brands and startups alike, Franklyn is devoted to providing clients with exceptional creative work and keeping them happy along the way. To that end we strive to think before we act, respond rather than react, and stay trill.no-descriptionGhostly Ferns is a family of freelancer BFFs making things together and separately * We're a family of freelance designers and illustrators, but really we're best friends who found a way to work together!

Hire one (or more) of us for your next project and we'll blow your figurative socks off.All Other Services is a civic-minded, multidisciplinary design team founded by Joel Stillman and Kevin Wade Shaw. We develop visual and strategic direction for brands, institutions, and advocacies that positively impact communities.Synoptic Office is a multidisciplinary design studio operating in the space between graphic, interaction, spatial and product design. The studio's work has been exhibited internationally and has been recognized by Fast Company Design, iDn, Neshan, Etapes, It's Nice That, and the Muckenthaler Gallery.Small Stuff is the New York City based design studio of Joe Marianek, Dinah Fried, and collaborators. We partner with organizations of all sizes to help shape a better world through design.We're a product & brand design studio located in Brooklyn, NY. We partner with clients to shape the next generation of digital products. Our team helps navigate the complex challenge of creating an innovative software product that is equally intuitive, attractive, and technically sound. We work primarily on mobile applications, across all platforms, with companies both large and small. We are an iterative and multi-disciplinary practice. A comprehensive knowledge of mobile application design allows us to move fluidly from high-level business problems to tactile execution. We place a strong emphasis on seeing and using the ideas we present, and believe that sharing progress early and often is the basis for successful and innovative products.We're a boutique creative studio based in Brooklyn, NY. Our team is a mix of designers from many different backgrounds, sharing a passion for solving very difficult problems with the classic tools of graphic design, interaction design, and super hard work.Wax Studios is a graphic design, art direction and publishing agency based in Brooklyn, NY. With a focus on strategic branding, Wax works collaboratively across the realms of arts, design, culture and fashion. The work is exuberantly media-agnostic, communicating through any print, environmental and screen-based modes.WWFG is a design studio founded by Karisa Senavitis and Kevin O’Neill. Our work supports organizations, individuals, initiatives in the realms of music, art, culture and care. It takes form as a logo, a record sleeve, a book, an exhibition, a reading group, a workshop, a symposiumGREENBLATT—WEXLER is a collaboration between Michael Greenblatt and Jessica Wexler. We are an independent graphic design studio that focuses on print and screen-based media. We are interested in design as an object, a structure, a strategy and a dialogue. Our studio is invested in process, research and formal experimentation. We enjoy being editorial contributors to our projects. Teaching graphic design is also a part of our studio practice. Michael received his MFA from Yale School of Art and Jessica received her MFA from California Institute of the Arts. 
            This website contains a number of self-initiated and commissioned projects.LMNOP specializes in creating unique identities with a playful edge. Born out of a desire to bring style and energy to businesses of all sorts, we help to bring a company’s ideas and inspirations to life. As a small team, we are able to provide our clients with a hands-on branding experience tailored to their specific needs. While we don’t take ourselves too seriously, we are serious about the work we do. We believe that a well-crafted brand is a powerful tool for a company’s success, the best work is done on a full stomach, and that no job is too big or too small.We challenge ourselves, our clients, and convention. Our process is designed to dissolve creative and client egos so we can concentrate on strategic and business goals over personal taste and trends.         We believe a collective whole is the path to great work. Our office is structured to value everyone’s input equally. We’re constantly pushing ourselves outside our comfort zones, encouraging us to learn and gain new perspectives, which ultimately adds value to our creative output. Though our process is intense, we do not waste time taking ourselves too seriously. * We are a collaborative cross-disciplinary team with an unrelenting quest for quality. We employ a collective and iterative process designed to push the work to its limit.         Working together with our clients we ensure the work resonates conceptually, appeals to the desired audience or user, aligns with the strategy, and is successful across all relevant platforms.         Our mission is to empower our clients with powerful strategy and intelligent flexible design systems that have a lasting positive impact on their businesses.Other Means is a graphic design studio in New York City.STUDIO LHOOQ specializes in design and photography for art, architecture, fashion, and cultural clients worldwide. Based in Philadelphia and working between New York, Los Angeles, and Miami.W-E-S-T is a Graphic Design studio located in Portland, Oregon.

We specialize in Art Direction and Design for Print, Digital/Web and Moving Image.Number 04 is the design office of Chris Mann, Davis Ngarupe, and JP Haynie. They provide brand identity, art direction and creative strategy for editorial, commercial, cultural, and educational clients as well as for their own self-initiated projects.We're an independent creative agency from Portland, Oregon. We build digital experiences, products and content for every screen. Code-based. Design-obsessed. Future-forward.Kiku Obata & Company is a London and St. Louis based design consultancy specializing in identity, editorial and environmental design. Founded in 1977, the studio remains an intentionally small, design-led practice undertaking a diverse range of work in the fields of art, culture, commerce and the public realm. We specialize in establishing an organization’s identity and visual language across all communications and physical environments with the greatest attention to detail. Our work is creatively-led, rigorously executed and rooted in a thorough understanding of a client’s intentions and a project’s context.With focus on projects that dialog with culture, fashion, design and art, our work has been described as a balance of aesthetic experimentation and comercial seriousness. This is what makes us uncommon. We also create film and photography through our production company, Clava.Civilization is a design practice that works with causes, clients and partners that share our commitment for creating positive change and promoting a greater awareness of the world.

We do this by building brands, concepts, experiences, printed matter, and digital platforms. Education is integrated into our day-to-day practice. Through hosting workshops, lectures, and our on-going podcast–Beyond This Point, we hope to inspire conversation and connection.

Our work has been featured in NPR, Fast Company, Under Consideration, IDPure, The New York Times, The Huffington Post, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, The Guardian, TedMed, Time, Buzzfeed, The Verge, WiredStripe is a graphic design studio based in San Francisco specializing in printed material, identity, and exhibition work. Stripe was originally founded in 2004 by Jon Sueda.Oak is an independent design-led product studio based in cloudy Brooklyn, New York. We make creative products like Dropmark and Siteleaf, and work on a number of other ventures.

Since 2008, we have partnered with startups and leading companies like Facebook, Apple, Spotify, and UNICEF to design interfaces, develop apps, and solve problems. We’re not a VC firm, but we occasionally invest in our favorite ideas.

We believe in building self-sustaining, purposeful products. We tend to build products that scratch our itch, products that we want to exist in this world. As users ourselves, we care deeply about the user experience and building products that last.

As a team we enjoy blurring the lines of design and engineering, and encourage cross-disciplinary collaboration as much as possible. Join us!